---
title: Uva 11817  Tunnelling the Earth
---

11817 Tunnelling the Earth
There are different methods of transporting people from place
to place: cars, bikes, boats, trains, planes, etc. For very long
distances, people generally fly in a plane. But this has the dis-
advantage that the plane must fly around the curved surface of
the earth. A distance travelled would be shorter if the traveller
followed a straight line from one point to the other through a
tunnel through the earth.

For example, travelling from Waterloo to Cairo requires a dis-
tance of 9293521 metres following the great circle route around
the earth, but only 8491188 metres following the straight line
through the earth.

For this problem, assume that the earth is a perfect sphere
with radius of 6371009 metres.

## Input
The first line of input contains a single integer, the number of test cases to follow. Each test case is
one line containing four floating point numbers: the latitude and longitude of the origin of the trip,
followed by the latitude and longitude of the destination of the trip. All of these measurements are in
degrees. Positive numbers indicate North latitude and East longitude, while negative numbers indicate
South latitude and West longitude.

## Output
For each test case, output a line containing a single integer, the difference in the distance between the
two points following the great circle route around the surface of the earth and following the straight
line through the earth, in metres. Round the difference of the distances to the nearest integer number
of metres.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>43.466667 -80.516667 30.058056 31.228889</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>802333</p>