---
title: Uva 00478  Points in Figures: Rectangles, Circles, and Triangles
---

478 Points in Figures: Rectangles, Circles, and Triangles
Given a list of figures (rectangles, circles, and triangles) and a list of points in the x-y plane, determine
for each point which figures (if any) contain the point.

## Input
There will be n( 10) figures descriptions, one per line. The first character will designate the type of
figure (“r”, “c”, “t” for rectangle, circle, or triangle, respectively). This character will be followed by
values which describe that figure.

• For a rectangle, there will be four real values designating the x-y coordinates of the upper left
and lower right corners.

• For a circle, there will be three real values, designating the x-y coordinates of the center and the
radius.

• For a triangle, there will be six real values designating the x-y coordinates of the vertices.

The end of the list will be signalled by a line containing an asterisk in column one.

The remaining lines will contain the x-y coordinates, one per line, of the points to be tested. The
end of this list will be indicated by a point with coordinates 9999.9 9999.9; these values should not be
included in the output.

Points coinciding with a figure border are not considered inside.

## Output
For each point to be tested, write a message of the form:

Point i is contained in figure j

for each figure that contains that point. If the point is not contained in any figure, write a message of
the form:

Point i is not contained in any figure

Points and figures should be numbered in
the order in which they appear in the input.

Note: See the picture on the right for a dia-
gram of these figures and data points.

## Sample Input
<p>r 8.5 17.0 25.5 -8.5</p><p>c 20.2 7.3 5.8</p><p>t -1.0 -1.0 10.1 2.2 .4 1.4</p><p>r 0.0 10.3 5.5 0.0</p><p>c -5.0 -5.0 3.7</p><p>t 20.3 9.8 10.0 -3.2 17.5 -7.7</p><p>r 2.5 12.5 12.5 2.5</p><p>c 5.0 15.0 7.2</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 478 – Points in Figures: Rectangles, Circles, and Triangles 2/2</p><p></p><p>t -10.0 -10.0 10.0 25.0 30.0 -10.0</p><p>*</p><p>2.0 2.0</p><p>4.7 5.3</p><p>6.9 11.2</p><p>20.0 20.0</p><p>17.6 3.2</p><p>-5.2 -7.8</p><p>9999.9 9999.9</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Point 1 is contained in figure 4</p><p>Point 1 is contained in figure 9</p><p>Point 2 is contained in figure 4</p><p>Point 2 is contained in figure 7</p><p>Point 2 is contained in figure 9</p><p>Point 3 is contained in figure 7</p><p>Point 3 is contained in figure 8</p><p>Point 3 is contained in figure 9</p><p>Point 4 is not contained in any figure</p><p>Point 5 is contained in figure 1</p><p>Point 5 is contained in figure 2</p><p>Point 5 is contained in figure 6</p><p>Point 5 is contained in figure 9</p><p>Point 6 is contained in figure 5</p><p>Point 6 is contained in figure 9</p>