---
title: Uva 10028  Demerit Points
---

10028 Demerit Points
A province to our west, which shall remain nameless, but whose name does not start with A, B, or S,
has a unique system for driver’s license demerit and merit points. The system works (more or less) as
follows.

A new driver starts with no merit or demerit points. When the driver is convicted of a driving
offense, he or she is given between 2 and 15 demerit points, depending on the severity of the offense.

A merit point is given, to a maximum of five, for each interval of two years in which a driver has
no offenses and no demerit points. Each merit point cancels up to two demerit points. If a subsequent
offense occurs and the number of demerit points exceeds double the number of merit points, the number
of demerit points is reduced by double the number of merit points, and the number of merit points is
set to 0. If a subsequent offense occurs and the number of demerit points is less than or equal to double
the number of merit points, the number of demerit points is reduced to 0, and the number of merit
points is reduced by half the number of demerit points. Any fractional merit points are discarded.

Demerit points are reduced whenever a driver has one year free of any driving offense. This reduction
decreases the number of demerits by half or by 2, whichever is more. Any fractional or negative demerit
points are discarded. This reduction takes place on each anniversary of the most recent offense until
no points remain.

If a new offense occurs on the same day as a demerit point reduction or merit point award, the
reduction/award is done before the new demerit points are given.

Your job is to read a set of information records for a driver, and to print the number of merit or
demerit points at any given time.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number
of the cases following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank
line, and there is also a blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The first line of input contains the date of issue of the license (yyyymmdd) Subsequent lines contain
information on offenses, in chronological order. Each such line contains the offense date (yyyymmdd)
and the number of points applied (an integer between 2 and 15).

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

On the day the license is issued, and on every occasion that the number of merit or demerit points
changes, output a line giving the date and the number of points, in the format below. Output terminates
when 5 merit points are accumulated following the last offense.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>19820508</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10028 – Demerit Points 2/2</p><p></p><p>19830606 2</p><p>19830607 2</p><p>19891212 15</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1982-05-08 No merit or demerit points.</p><p>1983-06-06 2 demerit point(s).</p><p>1983-06-07 4 demerit point(s).</p><p>1984-06-07 2 demerit point(s).</p><p>1985-06-07 No merit or demerit points.</p><p>1987-06-07 1 merit point(s).</p><p>1989-06-07 2 merit point(s).</p><p>1989-12-12 11 demerit point(s).</p><p>1990-12-12 5 demerit point(s).</p><p>1991-12-12 2 demerit point(s).</p><p>1992-12-12 No merit or demerit points.</p><p>1994-12-12 1 merit point(s).</p><p>1996-12-12 2 merit point(s).</p><p>1998-12-12 3 merit point(s).</p><p>2000-12-12 4 merit point(s).</p><p>2002-12-12 5 merit point(s).</p>