---
title: Uva 00871  Counting Cells in a Blob
---

871 Counting Cells in a Blob

The figure illustrates a grid
with 3 blobs (the largest

contains 5 cells).

Consider a two-dimensional grid of cells, each of which may be empty
or filled. Filled cells form blobs. The filled cells that are connected
form the same bigger blob. Two cells are said to be connected if they
are adjacent to each other horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. There
may be several blobs on the grid. Your job is to find the largest blob
(in terms of number of cells) on the grid.

Write a program that determines the size of the largest blob for a
given set of blobs.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself in-
dicating the number of the cases following, each of them as described
below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a blank
line between two consecutive inputs.

The grid is given as a set of strings, each composed of 0’s and 1’s. The ‘1’ indicates that the cell is
filled and ‘0’ indicates an empty cell. The strings should be converted into the grid format.

The largest grid that sould be considered is a 25×25 grid.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

The output is the size of the largest blob found on the grid.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>11000</p><p>01100</p><p>00101</p><p>10001</p><p>01011</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>5</p>