---
title: Uva 00124  Following Orders
---

124 Following Orders
Order is an important concept in mathematics and in computer science. For example, Zorn’s Lemma
states: “a partially ordered set in which every chain has an upper bound contains a maximal element.”
Order is also important in reasoning about the fix-point semantics of programs.

This problem involves neither Zorn’s Lemma nor fix-point semantics, but does involve order.

Given a list of variable constraints of the form x < y, you are to write a program that prints all
orderings of the variables that are consistent with the constraints.

For example, given the constraints x < y and x < z there are two orderings of the variables x, y,
and z that are consistent with these constraints: xyz and xzy.

## Input
The input consists of a sequence of constraint specifications. A specification consists of two lines: a list
of variables on one line followed by a list of constraints on the next line. A constraint is given by a pair
of variables, where ‘x y’ indicates that x < y.

All variables are single character, lower-case letters. There will be at least two variables, and no
more than 20 variables in a specification. There will be at least one constraint, and no more than 50
constraints in a specification. There will be at least one, and no more than 300 orderings consistent
with the constraints in a specification.

Input is terminated by end-of-file.

## Output
For each constraint specification, all orderings consistent with the constraints should be printed. Or-
derings are printed in lexicographical (alphabetical) order, one per line.

Output for different constraint specifications is separated by a blank line.

## Sample Input
<p>a b f g</p><p>a b b f</p><p>v w x y z</p><p>v y x v z v w v</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>abfg</p><p>abgf</p><p>agbf</p><p>gabf</p><p></p><p>wxzvy</p><p>wzxvy</p><p>xwzvy</p><p>xzwvy</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 124 – Following Orders 2/2</p><p></p><p>zwxvy</p><p>zxwvy</p>