---
title: Uva 00829  Almost Balanced Trees
---

829 Almost Balanced Trees
A tree is an almost well–balanced tree if at each node the depths of the sub-trees rooted at its children
are the same or differ at most by 1. The depth of a tree is 1 if the tree is a single leaf, or 1 plus the
maximum of the depths of sub-trees rooted at the children of its root.

Write a program that, given two (non empty) trees A and B whose nodes contain positive integers,
checks that A is almost well–balanced and that B can be obtained from A by applying only once one
of the following operations:

• interchange the integers of two nodes;

• delete one leaf.

The following pictures illustrate each of these operations. In the first one, the circled nodes have
their integers exchanged. In the second, the marked leaf is deleted. Note that your program will apply
only one of the operations and only once.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number
of the cases following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank
line, and there is also a blank line between two consecutive inputs.

Assume each tree is given as follows: the integer in its root, the number of children of its root,
and each sub-tree rooted at them from left to right. Every node in A has a unique integer (integers
are not repeated) and the set of integers appearing in nodes of B is contained in, or is equal to the
corresponding set of A.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 829 – Almost Balanced Trees 2/2

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

The output of the program should be a line (ended by newline and having integers separated by a
single space character) with one of:

• ‘-1’, if the given data does not correspond to the specification of the two trees as described above
(i.e., your program must check whether it is possible to build a tree from the given numbers, and
whether the conditions on the integers are verified);

• ‘0’, if first tree is not almost well–balanced;

• otherwise, ‘1’ followed by either:

– ‘0’ if the second tree cannot be obtained from the first by the method above; or,
– the two integers to be interchanged if the first operation above applies, written in

increasing order; or,
– minus the integer of the leaf to be deleted, if the second operation applies.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>1 3 10 2 15 0 20 0 2 2 6 0 7 1 4 0 9 1 21 0</p><p>1 3 10 2 15 0 20 0 2 2 9 0 7 1 4 0 6 1 21 0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1 6 9</p>