---
title: Uva 11453  Traveling Fishmonger
---

11453 Traveling Fishmonger
The price of fish depends, among other things, on its freshness. To maximize profits, good fishmongers
will try to sell as much of their stock of fish as early as possible. This is a problem for itinerant
fishmongers who need to spend time traveling from one city to the next to sell their fish.

You need to write a program to optimize a traveling fishmonger’s itinerary. Usually a fishmonger
has a base city and sells its fish in other cities. Cities are connected by roads. You will be given a road
map, a base city, a set of destination cities and some other information. Your program is expected to
say in which order to visit each destination city so that the fishmonger earns as much money as possible
for his fish. We will make the following assumptions:

• A fishmonger can spend a day either traveling or selling fish, but not doing both things; even if
that means that the fishmonger will have nothing to do in the afternoon if he only travels during
the morning.

• Fishmongers transport their fish using a cart pulled by oxen, hence they can only do 25 kilometers
each day.

• The very first day, one fish can be sold for 10 euros, but its value decreases exponentially each
day that passes. The price changes instantaneously at midnight, so you can assume that it is
constant during a whole day.

• A fishmonger can only stay one day in each city, to avoid having to deal with dissatisfied customers
the day after a sale.

• At each city, the fishmonger will sell at most five fishes every 10000 inhabitants (rounding down
if necessary).

## Input
The input format is as follows:

• An integer in a single line which says the number of cities in the map (NC). There are no more
than 1000 cities.

• NC lines each one with the name of a city and its population separated by a space. The name of
a city is always a single word and the population is an integer number.

• An integer in a single line which says the number of roads in the map (NR). There are 4000
roads at most.

• NR lines each one describing a road. A road description consists of the name of two cities and
the distance (in kilometers) that separates them, all items separated by a space. A road connects
two cities always in both ways.

• An integer saying the number of test cases that will use the above map (NT ).

• NT sets of 5 lines, each describing a test case in the following way:

– The first line indicates the number of fishes initially available in stock, as an integer number.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11453 – Traveling Fishmonger 2/2

– The second line says the speed of rotting (RS) as a floating point number. At the end of
each day, the price of the fish will become RS times smaller due to the decreased quality
and increased stink.

– The third line contains the name of the base city (the starting point).
– The fourth line says the number of destination cities (ND) (that is, cities where the fish will

be sold). The base city will not be part of these set of cities. There will be 8 destination
cities at most.

– A line with ND names of destination cities.

## Output
For each test case, the program shall output a single line with the destination cities sorted in the best
order to maximize profits, followed by ‘->’ and the achieved benefit in euros rounded up to the nearest
integer, everything separated by spaces. If there is more than one optimum order, the program must
show the first one lexicographically.

## Sample Input
<p>5</p><p>Murcia 422861</p><p>Cartagena 211286</p><p>Lorca 89936</p><p>Molina 62463</p><p>Yecla 35161</p><p>6</p><p>Murcia Cartagena 55</p><p>Murcia Molina 13</p><p>Lorca Yecla 165</p><p>Cartagena Yecla 186</p><p>Cartagena Molina 64</p><p>Molina Yecla 92</p><p>1</p><p>500</p><p>1.2</p><p>Cartagena</p><p>2</p><p>Murcia Lorca</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Murcia Lorca -> 1250</p>