---
title: Uva 00500  Table
---

500 Table

Figure 1

A lot of text editors allows us to make tables with the help of pseudographical
characters but do not let edit them, i.e. after alternation of the text in cells,
to restore the marking of lines and columns you have to align the whole table
manually. You are offered to implement an editor fragment carrying out an
automatic table alignment.

The table represents a rectangle divided into cells with vertical and hor-
izontal lines, linking its borders. Vertical and horizontal markers as well as
the rectangle itself are formed by pseudographical characters from figure 1.

The text in table cells can be located in several lines. Text does not
contain control and pseudographical characters.

While editing a table the text of cells is being changed and as a result
symbols ‘|’ (ASCII 179) can be shifted to the left or to the right. The number
of lines and columns of the table as well as the number of lines in each cell is
not being changed.

The text in each line of each cell should be separated from vertical markers exactly with one space
on the left and no less than with one space on the right in the aligned table. All spaces between words
are significant. It is allowed only:

• to alter the number of leading and trailing spaces in cell lines;

• to add and delete characters ‘–’ (ASCII 196) in horizontal table markers.

The table does not contain empty columns, i.e. each column contains at least one cell with non-
empty text.

It is required to format a given table making its width (the length of table line) minimal.

## Input

The first line of the input is an integer M , then a blank line followed by M datasets. There is a blank
line between datasets.

Input for each dataset contains an edited table. It consists of no more than 100 lines and line length
is no more then 255 characters. Lines themselves do not contain leading and trailing spaces. The file
does not contain empty lines.

## Output

For each dataset, write to the output the aligned table. Output lines should not contain leading and
trailing spaces. The output should not contain empty lines. The input data provides that the width of
the formatted table does not exceed 255 characters.

Print a blank line between datasets.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>1</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 500 – Table 2/2</p><p></p><p>Sample Output</p>