---
title: Uva 01161  Objetive: Berlin
---

1161 Objetive: Berlin

The administration of a well-known football team has made a study about the lack of support in
international away games. This study has concluded that the only reason for this lack of support is
the difficulty in organizing the travel arrangements. To help solving this problem, the administration
has asked you to build a program that computes the maximum number of people that can fly from
a departure city to a destination city, using the available places in regular flights in a given day, and
arriving at or before a given time. When traveling from one city to another, a person may make multiple
transfers. Each transfer is, at least, 30 minutes long, i.e., the departure time should be, at least 30
minutes after the arrival time. Given a set of flights for a single day and the latest arrival time, your
program should compute the maximum number of persons that can fly, directly or indirectly, from a
departure city to a destination city, arriving at or before the latest arrival time.

## Input

The input will contain several test cases, each of them as described below. Consecutive
test cases are separated by a single blank line.

The first line contains an integer (smaller or equal to 150) indicating the number of cities that have
flight connections. The second line contains a string indicating the city of departure. The third line
contains a string indicating the destination city. The fourth line contains the latest arrival time, in the
format HHMM , where HH is the hour in the day (from 00 to 23) and MM is the minute in the hour
(from 00 to 59). The fifth line contains an integer N (smaller or equal to 5000), with the number of
existing flights. Each of the following N lines contains the info for each flight. Each such line contains
two strings and three integers, separated by blank spaces, O E C D A, where O and E are, respectively,
the origin and destination of a flight, C is the number of available places in the flight (from 0 to 300),
and D and A are the departure and arrival times in the previously defined format HHMM . All flights
start and end in the same day. City names may have up to 8 characters.

## Output

For each test case, the output must follow the description below.

The output consists of one single line with an integer stating the maximum number of people that
can fly from the origin to the destination city, using the given flights and arriving at or before the given
latest arrival time.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>4</p><p></p><p>lisbon</p><p></p><p>berlin</p><p></p><p>1500</p><p></p><p>9</p><p></p><p>lisbon london 6 1000 1100</p><p></p><p>london lisbon 6 1130 1230</p><p></p><p>lisbon paris 5 1000 1100</p><p></p><p>paris lisbon 4 1130 1230</p><p></p><p>london paris 1 1130 1300</p><p></p><p>london berlin 2 1340 1510</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1161 – Objetive: Berlin 2/2</p><p></p><p>berlin london 2 1300 1430</p><p></p><p>paris berlin 10 1330 1500</p><p></p><p>berlin paris 9 1300 1430</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>6</p>