---
title: Uva 00416  LED Test
---

416 LED Test

Seven Segments ConfigurationMany electronic devices have digital read-outs that are made us-
ing light-emitting diode (LED) arrays. A common digital display
element uses seven, bar-shaped LED’s, with the seven LED bars
(segments) arranged and identified as in the picture on the right:

Digits are displayed by illuminating various combinations of
the seven segments in accordance with the following table:

Digit Segments Illuminated (Y-Yes, N-No)
Displayed a b c d e f g

0 Y Y Y Y Y Y N
1 N Y Y N N N N
2 Y Y N Y Y N Y
3 Y Y Y Y N N Y
4 N Y Y N N Y Y
5 Y N Y Y N Y Y
6 Y N Y Y Y Y Y
7 Y Y Y N N N N
8 Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
9 Y Y Y Y N Y Y

For example, the digit three (3) would be displayed as the illumination of the
segments {a,b,c,d,g} as it appears on the right:

The problem below is abstracted from one occurring in the incoming-parts in-
spection department, in a microwave-oven manufacturing facility. The incoming
seven-segment LED’s are checked for their proper functioning by automated equip-
ment running under programmable control.

Note: The solution to the problem below will not be a complete nor necessarily
useful test for the actual inspections that would be conducted.

You are to create a program that will observe successive sets of illumination conditions of the seven
segments of a single-digit display, and decide whether the sequence of illuminations could have been a
valid “count down” sequence.

Unfortunately, for the LED your program is to observe, some of the segments may be burned out at
the start of your test, and additional segments may burn out during the test. No segments will everfail
into the ON mode; no burned out segments will recover. Nevertheless, you are expected to be able
to “read” through the ambiguities this malfunctioning display presents, by watching the display count
down through one or more values.

## Input
The input consists of a series of data sets having the following format:

First line – A single unsigned integer, N , with value greater than zero (0) and less than eleven (11).
The integer is left-justified on the input line.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 416 – LED Test 2/3

Next N lines – Each line has a string of seven (7) contiguous ‘Y’/‘N’ characters showing the light
condition of the segments of the LED display. These successive lines supposedly represent a
“count down” sequence. The first of these seven characters, the illumination reading for the “a”
segment, will be the first character on a line.

The end of data is signaled by a null data set having a zero on the first line and no further data.

There is no information about where the “count down” sequence begins for a given data set. There
is no information that carries over from one data set to the next; each data set represents a different
LED being tested.

## Output
Foreach supposed “count down” sequence you receive as a data set, you are to reply either:

MATCH

or

MISMATCH

depending on whether this sequence could possibly be a valid “count down” sequence somewhere within
the sequence { 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0 } if an unknown number of burned-out segments were present
at the beginning of the test, and, with possible burn-outs occurring during the test. Your output must
be at the beginning of the line.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>YYYYNYY</p><p>2</p><p>NNNNNNN</p><p>NNNNNNN</p><p>2</p><p>YYYYYYY</p><p>YYYYYYY</p><p>3</p><p>YNYYYYY</p><p>YNYYNYY</p><p>NYYNNYY</p><p>3</p><p>YNYYYYN</p><p>YNYYNYN</p><p>NYYNNYN</p><p>3</p><p>YNYYYYN</p><p>YNYYNYN</p><p>NYYNYYN</p><p>4</p><p>YYYYYYY</p><p>NYYNNNN</p><p>NNYYYYN</p><p>NNNYNNN</p><p>3</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 416 – LED Test 3/3</p><p></p><p>NNNNNNN</p><p>YNNNNNN</p><p>NNNNYNN</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>MATCH</p><p>MATCH</p><p>MISMATCH</p><p>MATCH</p><p>MATCH</p><p>MISMATCH</p><p>MATCH</p><p>MATCH</p>