---
title: Uva 00376  More Triangles ... THE AMBIGUOUS CASE
---

376 More Triangles ... THE AMBIGUOUS CASE
The ambiguous case in trigonometry calls for the solution of triangles when given two sides and the
angle opposite one of them. You are to write a program that accepts such data and reports all solutions.

## Input
The input data for each case will consist of a single input line containing three real numbers separated
by an arbitrary number of spaces. The first two real numbers on each input line represent the lengths
of two sides of a triangle. The third real number on each input line is an angle (measured in degrees)
which is opposite the second of the two given sides. The stream of input cases is terminated when all
three pieces of data are zero.

## Output
Your program is to read the data and analyze the data for each case, and produce a report of the results
according to the format shown below. Each case report consists of the number of solutions for the case,
and the corresponding solutions (to two decimal places) when the number of solutions is nonzero. If
there are two solutions, you should print them in decreasing order.

Please assign a case number to each set of data starting with 1.

No trailing spaces should be print. All numbers are aligned to the right. Follow the column
specification shown in sample output.

## Sample Input
<p>2.00 2.00 30.00</p><p>2.00 3.00 130.00</p><p>1.00 1.00 90.00</p><p>698.64 217.77 5.52</p><p>0.00 0.00 0.00</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case A B THETA # of Side Side</p><p># side side (deg) Triags 1 2</p><p></p><p>1 2.00 2.00 30.00 1 3.46</p><p>2 2.00 3.00 130.00 1 1.29</p><p>3 1.00 1.00 90.00 0</p><p>4 698.64 217.77 5.52 2 902.54 488.26</p><p></p><p>END OF REPORT for 4 cases</p>