---
title: Uva 00221  Urban Elevations
---

221 Urban Elevations
An elevation of a collection of buildings is an orthogonal projection of the buildings onto a vertical
plane. An external elevation of a city would show the skyline and the faces of the “visible” buildings of
the city as viewed from outside the city from a certain direction. A southern elevation shows no sides;
it shows the perfectly rectangular faces of buildings or parts of faces of buildings not obstructed on the
south by taller buildings. For this problem, you must write a program that determines which buildings
of a city are visible in a southern elevation.

For simplicity, assume all the buildings for the elevation are perfect rectangular solids, each with
two sides that run directly east-west and two running directly north-south. Your program will find the
buildings that appear in a southern elevation based on knowing the positions and heights of each city
building. That data can be illustrated by a map of the city as in the diagram on the left below. The
southern elevation for that city is illustrated in the diagram on the right.

City map. Boldface numbers (in the upper left
of each building) identify the buildings. Plain

numbers (lower right) are the buildings heights.

Southern Elevation
(Only the shaded buildings are visible in a southern

elevation)

## Input
Input for your program consists of the numeric description of maps of several cities. The first line of
each map contains the number of buildings in the city (a non-negative integer less than 101). Each
subsequent line of a map contains data for a single building — 5 real numbers separated by spaces in
the following order:

x-coordinate of the southwest corner
y-coordinate of the southwest corner
width of the building (length of the south side)
depth of the building (length of the west side)
height of the building

Each map is oriented on a rectangular coordinate system so that the positive x-axis points east and
the positive y-axis points north. Assume that all input for each map corresponds to a legitimate map
(the number of buildings is the same as the number of subsequent lines of input for the map; no two
buildings in a single map overlap). Input is terminated by the number 0 representing a map with no
buildings.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 221 – Urban Elevations 2/2

## Output
Buildings are numbered according to where their data lines appear in the map’s input data — building
#1 corresponding to the first line of building data, building #2 data to the next line, and building
#n to the nth line of building data for that map. (Buildings on subsequent maps also begin their
numbering with 1.)

For each map, output begins with line identifying the map (map #1, map #2, etc.) On the next line
the numbers of the visible buildings as they appear in the southern elevation, ordered south-to-north,
west-to-east. This means that if building n and building m are visible buildings and if the southwest
corner of building n is west of the southwest corner of building m, then number n is printed before
number m. If building n and building m have the same x-coordinate for their southwest corners and if
building n is south of building m, then the number n is printed before the number m.

For this program, a building is considered visible whenever the part of its southern face that appears
in the elevation has strictly positive area. One blank line must separate output from consecutive input
records.

## Sample Input
<p>14</p><p>160 0 30 60 30</p><p>125 0 32 28 60</p><p>95 0 27 28 40</p><p>70 35 19 55 90</p><p>0 0 60 35 80</p><p>0 40 29 20 60</p><p>35 40 25 45 80</p><p>0 67 25 20 50</p><p>0 92 90 20 80</p><p>95 38 55 12 50</p><p>95 60 60 13 30</p><p>95 80 45 25 50</p><p>165 65 15 15 25</p><p>165 85 10 15 35</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>For map #1, the visible buildings are numbered as follows:</p><p>5 9 4 3 10 2 1 14</p>