---
title: Uva 00793  Network Connections
---

793 Network Connections

Bob, who is a network administrator, supervises a network of computers. He is keeping a log connec-
tions between the computers in the network. Each connection is bi–directional. Two computers are
interconnected if they are directly connected or if they are interconnected with the same computer. Oc-
casionally, Bob has to decide, quickly, whether two given computers are connected, directly or indirectly,
according to the log information.

Write a program which based on information input from a text file counts the number of successful
and the number of unsuccessful answers to the questions of the kind:

is computeri interconnected with computerj?

## Input

The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself, indicating the number
of the cases following. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a blank line
between two consecutive inputs.

For each test case, the input must follow the description below.

1. The number of computers in the network (a strictly positive integer);

2. A list of pairs of the form:

(a) c computeri computerj , where computeri and computerj are integers from 1 to
no of computers. A pair of this form shows that computeri and computerj get inter-
connected.

(b) q computeri computerj , where computeri and computerj are integers from 1 to
no of computers. A pair of this form stands for the question:

is computeri interconnected with computerj?

Each pair is on a separate line. Pairs can appear in any order, regardless of their type. The log is
updated after each pair of type (a) and each pair of type (b) is processed according to the current
network configuration.

## Output

For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

The program prints two integer numbers to the standard output on the same line, in the order:
‘successful answers, unsuccessful answers’, as shown in the sample output.

Note:

For example, the first input illustrated in the sample below corresponds to a network of 10 computers
and 7 pairs. There are ‘1’ successfully answered questions and ‘2’ unsuccessfully answered questions.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 793 – Network Connections 2/2

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>2</p><p></p><p>10</p><p></p><p>c 1 5</p><p></p><p>c 2 7</p><p></p><p>q 7 1</p><p></p><p>c 3 9</p><p></p><p>q 9 6</p><p></p><p>c 2 5</p><p></p><p>q 7 5</p><p></p><p>1</p><p></p><p>q 1 1</p><p></p><p>c 1 1</p><p></p><p>q 1 1</p>