---
title: Uva 00313  Intervals
---

313 Intervals
In the ceiling in the basement of a newly open developers building a light source has been installed.
Unfortunately, the material used to cover the floor is very sensitive to light. It turned out that its
expected life time is decreasing dramatically. To avoid this, authorities have decided to protect light
sensitive areas from strong light by covering them. The solution was not very easy because, as it is
common, in the basement there are different pipelines under the ceiling and the authorities want to
install the covers just on those parts of the floor that are not shielded from the light by pipes. To
cope with the situation, the first decision was to simplify the real situation and, instead of solving the
problem in 3D space, to construct a 2D model first.

Within this model, the x-axis has been aligned with the level of the floor. The light is considered to
be a point light source with integer co-ordinates [bx, by]. The pipes are represented by circles. The center
of the circle i has the integer co-ordinates [ci,x, ci,y] and an integer radius ri. As pipes are made from
solid material, circles cannot overlap. Pipes cannot reflect the light and the light cannot go through the
pipes. You have to write a program which will determine the non-overlapping intervals on the x-axis
where there is, due to the pipes, no light from the light source.

## Input

The input file consists of blocks of lines, each of which except the last describes one situation in the
basement. The first line of each block contains a positive integer number N < 500 expressing the
number of pipes. The second line of the block contains two integers bx and by separated by one space.
Each of the next N lines of the block contains integers ci,x , ci,y and ri, where ci,y + ri < by. Integers
in individual lines are separated by one space.

The last block consists of one line containing n = 0.

## Output

The output file consists of blocks of lines, corresponding to the blocks in the file (except the last one).
One empty line must be put after each block in the output file. Each of the individual lines of the
blocks in the output file will contain two real numbers, the endpoints of the interval where there is no
light from the given point light source. The reals are exact to two decimal places and separated by one
space. The intervals are sorted according to increasing x-coordinate.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 313 – Intervals 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>6</p><p>300 450</p><p>70 50 30</p><p>120 20 20</p><p>270 40 10</p><p>250 85 20</p><p>220 30 30</p><p>380 100 100</p><p>1</p><p>300 300</p><p>300 150 90</p><p>1</p><p>300 300</p><p>390 150 90</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>0.72 78.86</p><p>88.50 133.94</p><p>181.04 549.93</p><p></p><p>75.00 525.00</p><p></p><p>300.00 862.50</p>