---
title: Uva 00205  Getting There
---

205 Getting There
A frustrating part of arranging your own air travel trip is selecting from among many possible flights
that sequence of flights which will take you from your origin to your destination in the least possible
time or for the least possible cost.

It should be clear to any frequent air passenger that in order to reach one city from another, the
cost of the shorter flight may be more than the cost of longer flights. In other words, it may pay you
well to cool your heels in an airport waiting for a connecting flight rather than take a more direct flight
or one in which the connecting time is shorter. For example, consider the following flight schedule.

CenterCity Homeville 5:2OA 6:55A 12.50
CenterCity Greenville 5:45A 9:l5A 35.00
Homeville Greenville 7:45A 9:35A 20.00

In order to travel from CenterCity to Homeville, you have two choices. You can travel from CenterCity to
Homeville, then from Homeville to Greenville, or you can travel directly from CenterCity to Greenville.
The first route costs $32.50 and has travel time 4:15; the direct route costs $35.00 and has travel time
3:30. If minimizing cost is your objective, then you would choose the first route. If you want to minimize
time, you would select the second route.

You are to write a program to optimize route selection given the criteria of least cost or least time.
Your program will read a list of flights and several trip requests and will select from the list of flights the
best sequence to satisfy each trip request. For each request, if more than one route should satisfy the
request, then your program should select the route that also satisfies the other objective. For example,
if cost is to be minimized and if two routes both yield the minimum cost, then select the route which
yields the shortest travel time.

There is only one valid solution for each input in the data set.

## Input
The input data will consist of various test cases. Each case begins with line ‘TRAVEL XXX’, where
XXX is ID number of the travel. ID number is a positive integer with leading zeroes. There will be
less than 100 tests. Each test is broken into two segments, the first describing the list of flights and the
last containing the trip requests. The end of each part of the test is indicated by the line consisting of
the single character ‘#’.

The flight segment of the test describes individual flights, one per line. Each line contains the origin
city (begins from column 1), the destination city (begins from column 18), the departure time (begins
from column 34), the arrival time (begins from column 42), and the cost (columns 52 through 62).
City names are left-justified in their respective fields, and may only contain upper and lower case
characters. City names like ‘CITY’ and ‘cItY’ are same and lengths of city names will be less than 17
symbols. Times are in the form ‘HH:MMX’, where HH is the hour (a leading zero may be replaced
by a blank), MM is the minutes (exactly two digits will appear), and X is ‘A’ (for AM), ‘P’ (for PM).
The cost of the ticket is in dollars and cents, and includes a decimal point and two fractional digits.
No tickets are free or cost more than $999.99. Departure times are always prior to arrival times. All
individual flights represented by a line in the schedule take less than 24 hours. There will be at most
50 flights and at most 20 cities on the schedule. There will be no unnecessary blanks and spaces in the
first part of a test.

The trip request segment of the file immediately follows the list of flights. Each request appears on
a line by itself, and specifies the origin city, the destination city, and whether to optimize cost or travel



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 205 – Getting There 2/3

time. If it is desired to optimize travel time, the word ‘TIME’ is displayed. If cost is to be optimized,
then the word ‘COST’ is displayed. There may be leading and trailing blanks in any line in the trip
requests. The end-of-file indicates the end of the input file.

## Output
For the first line of each test display ‘Requests and optimal routes for travel Y ’ without quotes
where Y is an ID number of the test shown in the input and must be without leading zeroes.

You can find all cases of the output format in the sample output and your output must be identical.
All optimum routes will require less than 10 days and less than $1,000.00. Place one blank line between
the outputs for successive trips and two blank lines between successive tests.

## Sample Input
<p>TRAVEL 001</p><p>CenterCity Homeville 5:20A 06:55A 12.50</p><p>CenterCity Greenville 5:45A 9:15A 35.00</p><p>Homeville Greenville 07:45A 9:35A 20.00</p><p>ArcherCity Homeville 5:00A 6:00P 612.50</p><p>#</p><p>CenterCity Greenville COST</p><p>ArcherCity Greenville TIME</p><p>#</p><p>TRAVEL 992</p><p>GreenVille Greenmile 10:30A 11:30A 5.00</p><p>GreenMile GreenYARD 0:30P 3:00P 0.51</p><p>AA BB 1:00A 1:01A 0.01</p><p>ZZZ ZZZZ 0:03A 0:02A 0.50</p><p>ZZZZ ZZZZZ 0:02A 0:01A 0.50</p><p>ZZZZZ ZZZZZZ 0:01A 0:00A 0.50</p><p>#</p><p>GREENVILLE GreeNVILLE COST</p><p>Greenville Greenmile TIME</p><p>GreenMile GreenYard TIME</p><p>AA Greenville TIME</p><p>ZZZ ZZZZZZ TIME</p><p>#</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Requests and optimal routes for travel 1</p><p>------------------------------------------</p><p></p><p>From: Centercity To: Greenville Optimize: Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>From To Leave Arrive Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>Centercity Homeville 5:20A 6:55A $12.50</p><p>Homeville Greenville 7:45A 9:35A $20.00</p><p></p><p>-----------------------</p><p>4:15 $32.50</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 205 – Getting There 3/3</p><p></p><p>From: Archercity To: Greenville Optimize: Time</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>From To Leave Arrive Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>Archercity Homeville 5:00A 6:00P $612.50</p><p>Homeville Greenville 7:45A 9:35A $20.00</p><p></p><p>-----------------------</p><p>1 day 4:35 $632.50</p><p></p><p>Requests and optimal routes for travel 992</p><p>------------------------------------------</p><p></p><p>You are already in Greenville.</p><p></p><p>From: Greenville To: Greenmile Optimize: Time</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>From To Leave Arrive Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>Greenville Greenmile 10:30A 11:30A $5.00</p><p></p><p>-----------------------</p><p>1:00 $5.00</p><p></p><p>From: Greenmile To: Greenyard Optimize: Time</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>From To Leave Arrive Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>Greenmile Greenyard 0:30P 3:00P $0.51</p><p></p><p>-----------------------</p><p>2:30 $0.51</p><p></p><p>There is no route from Aa to Greenville.</p><p></p><p>From: Zzz To: Zzzzzz Optimize: Time</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>From To Leave Arrive Cost</p><p>==================================================================</p><p>Zzz Zzzz 0:03A 0:02A $0.50</p><p>Zzzz Zzzzz 0:02A 0:01A $0.50</p><p>Zzzzz Zzzzzz 0:01A 0:00A $0.50</p><p></p><p>-----------------------</p><p>2 days 23:57 $1.50</p>