---
title: Uva 00637  Booklet Printing
---

637 Booklet Printing
When printing out a document, normally the first page is printed first, then the second, then the third,
and so on until the end. However, when creating a fold-over booklet, the order of printing must be
altered. A fold-over booklet has four pages per sheet, with two on the front and two on the back. When
you stack all the sheets in order, then fold the booklet in half, the pages appear in the correct order as
in a regular book.

For example, a 4-page booklet would print on 1 sheet of paper: the front will contain page 4 then
page 1, and the back will contain page 2 then page 3.

Front Back
------------- -------------
| | | | | |
| 4 | 1 | | 2 | 3 |
| | | | | |
------------- -------------

Your task is to write a program that takes as input the number of pages to be printed, then generates
the printing order.

## Input
The input file contains one or more test cases, followed by a line containing the number ‘0’ that indicates
the end of the file.

Each test case consists of a positive integer n on a line by itself, where n is the number of pages to
be printed; n will not exceed 100.

## Output
For each test case, output a report indicating which pages should be printed on each sheet, exactly as
shown in the example. If the desired number of pages does not completely fill up a sheet, then print
the word ‘Blank’ in place of a number. If the front or back of a sheet is entirely blank, do not generate
output for that side of the sheet.

Output must be in ascending order by sheet, front first, then back.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>14</p><p>4</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Printing order for 1 pages:</p><p>Sheet 1, front: Blank, 1</p><p>Printing order for 14 pages:</p><p>Sheet 1, front: Blank, 1</p><p>Sheet 1, back : 2, Blank</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 637 – Booklet Printing 2/2</p><p></p><p>Sheet 2, front: 14, 3</p><p>Sheet 2, back : 4, 13</p><p>Sheet 3, front: 12, 5</p><p>Sheet 3, back : 6, 11</p><p>Sheet 4, front: 10, 7</p><p>Sheet 4, back : 8, 9</p><p>Printing order for 4 pages:</p><p>Sheet 1, front: 4, 1</p><p>Sheet 1, back : 2, 3</p>