---
title: Uva 00760  DNA Sequencing
---

760 DNA Sequencing
A DNA molecule consists of two strands that wrap around each other to resemble a twisted ladder
whose sides, made of sugar and phosphate molecules, are connected by rungs of nitrogen-containing
chemicals called bases. Each strand is a linear arrangement of repeating similar units called nucleotides,
which are each composed of one sugar, one phosphate, and a nitrogenous base. Four different bases are
present in DNA: adenine (A), thymine (T), cytosine (C), and guanine (G). The particular order of the
bases arranged along the sugar-phosphate backbone is called the DNA sequence; the sequence specifies
the exact genetic instructions required to create a particular organism with its own unique traits.

Geneticists often compare DNA strands and are interested in finding the longest common base
sequence in the two strands. Note that these strands can be represented as strings consisting of the
letters a, t, c and g. So, the longest common sequence in the two strands atgc and tga is tg. It is
entirely possible that two different common sequences exist that are the same length and are the longest
possible common sequences. For example in the strands atgc and gctg, the longest common sequences
are gc and tg.

Write a program that accepts as input two strings representing DNA strands, and prints as output
the longest common sequence(s) in lexicographical order.

## Input
The input file contains several test cases with a blank line between two consecutive.

The strings are at most 300 characters-long.

## Output
For each test case, print all the longest common sequences, one per line, in lexicographical order.

If there isn’t any common sequence between the two strings, just print: ‘No common sequence.’
Print a blank line between the output of consecutive datasets.

## Sample Input
<p>atgc</p><p>tga</p><p></p><p>atgc</p><p>gctg</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>tg</p><p></p><p>gc</p><p>tg</p>