---
title: Uva 00179  Code Breaking
---

179 Code Breaking
Periodic permutation is a simple encryption technique which involves choosing a period, k, and a per-
mutation of the first k numbers. To encrypt a message, split the message into groups of k characters
(padding if necessary) and apply the given permutation. Decryption involves taking groups of k char-
acters and performing the inverse permutation. Thus for k = 4, a permutation could be 2431. This
would encrypt ‘Mary’ to ‘yMra’ and ‘Maryan’ to ‘yMra?a?n’. Once one knows the permutation, one can
apply its inverse to other encrypted messages (cyphertext) to recover the original text (plaintext).

Write a program that will read (plaintext, cyphertext1, cyphertext2) triples, and for each (plaintext,
cyphertext1) pair determine whether or not a periodic permutation encryption method has been used.
If it has, determine the value of k and the permutation function and apply the reverse permutation to
cyphertext2 to recover the corresponding plaintext.

## Input
Input will consist of a series of (plaintext, cyphertext1, cyphertext2) triples. Lines will be no more than
80 characters long. The first two strings (of length n) represent the first n characters of the plaintext
and cyphertext. There is no implication that n is a multiple of k. The file will be terminated by a line
consisting of a single ‘#’.

## Output
Output will consist of a series of lines, one for each triple in the input. If a permutation cycle has been
found, apply the inverse permutation to cyphertext2, padding it if necessary with ‘?’. If no periodic
permutation can be found (with period less than or equal to the length of the plaintext and cyphertext1
strings) that transforms the plaintext into the cyphertext, then print cyphertext2 unchanged. If more
than one periodic permutation could have mapped the plain text to the cyphertext1, then apply the
periodic permutation that has the smallest value for k. There will never be more than one shortest
permutation function that matches the data.

## Sample Input
<p>Mary had a little lamb!!</p><p>aMyrh daa l tilt ealbm!!</p><p>hTsii s aetts</p><p>Foobar</p><p>blargg</p><p>No cycle</p><p>abc</p><p>bca</p><p>abcd</p><p>#</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>This is a test</p><p>No cycle</p><p>cab?d?</p>