---
title: Uva 00274  Cat and Mouse
---

274 Cat and Mouse
In a house with many rooms live a cat and a mouse. The cat and the mouse each have chosen one room
as their “home”. From their “home” they regularly walk through the house. A cat can go from room
A to room B if and only if there is a cat door from room A to room B. Cat doors can only be used in
one direction. Similarly a mouse can go from room A to room B if and only if there is a mouse door
from room A to room B. Also mouse doors can be used in only one direction. Furthermore, cat doors
cannot be used by a mouse, and mouse doors cannot be used by a cat.

Given a map of the house you are asked to write a program that finds out

1. if there exist walks for the cat and mouse where they meet each other in some room, and

2. if the mouse can make a walk through at least two rooms, end in its “home” room again, and
along the way cannot ever meet the cat. (Here, the mouse may not ever meet the cat, whatever
the cat does.)

1994 East-Central Regionals

of the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest

Problem E

Cat and Mouse

In a house with many rooms live a cat and a mouse. The cat and the mouse each have chosen

one room as their “home”. From their “home” they regularly walk through the house. A cat can

go from room A to room B if and only if there is a cat door from room A to room B. Cat doors

can only be used in one direction. Similarly a mouse can go from room A to room B if and only

if there is a mouse door from room A to room B. Also mouse doors can be used in only one

direction. Furthermore, cat doors cannot be used by a mouse, and mouse doors cannot be used

by a cat.

Given a map of the house you are asked to write a program that finds out

1. if there exist walks for the cat and mouse where they meet each other in some room,

and

2. if the mouse can make a walk through at least two rooms, end in its “home” room

again, and along the way cannot ever meet the cat. (Here, the mouse may not ever

meet the cat, whatever the cat does.)

For example, in the map, the cat can meet the mouse in rooms 0, 1, and 2. Also, the mouse can

make a walk through two rooms without ever meeting the cat, viz., a round trip from room 4 to

3 and back.

## Input

The input consists of integers and defines the configuration of the house. The first line has

three integers separated by blanks: the first integer defines the number of rooms, the second the

initial room of the cat (the cat’s “home”), and the third integer defines the initial room of the

mouse (the mouse’s “home”). Next there are zero or more lines, each with two positive inte-

gers separated by a blank. These lines are followed by a line with two  1’s separated by a blank.

The pairs of positive integers define the cat doors. The pair A B represents the presence of a cat

MOUSE

room 5

m

room 4

room 2

room 3

room 1

c

c

c
c

c

m

m

mm

m

m

CAT

cm is a mouse door is a cat door

This picture corresponds to the Sample Input below.

For example, in the map, the cat can meet the mouse in rooms 1, 2, and 3. Also, the mouse can
make a walk through two rooms without ever meeting the cat, viz., a round trip from room 5 to 4 and
back.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The input consists of integers and defines the configuration of the house. The first line has three
integers separated by blanks: the first integer defines the number of rooms, the second the initial room
of the cat (the cat’s “home”), and the third integer defines the initial room of the mouse (the mouse’s
“home”). Next there are zero or more lines, each with two positive integers separated by a blank. These
lines are followed by a line with two ‘-1’s separated by a blank. The pairs of positive integers define the
cat doors. The pair A B represents the presence of a cat door from room A to room B. Finally there
are zero or more lines, each with two positive integers separated by a blank. These pairs of integers
define the mouse doors. Here, the pair A B represents the presence of a mouse door from room A to
room B.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 274 – Cat and Mouse 2/2

The number of rooms is at least one and at most 100. All rooms are numbered consecutively starting
at 1. You may assume that all positive integers in the input are legal room numbers.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

The output consists of two characters separated by a blank and ended by a new-line character. The
first character is ‘Y’ if there exist walks for the cat and mouse where they meet each other in some
room. Otherwise, it is ‘N’. The second character is ‘Y’ if the mouse can make a walk through at least
two rooms, end in its “home” room again, and along the way cannot ever meet the cat. Otherwise, it
is ‘N’.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>5 3 5</p><p>1 2</p><p>2 1</p><p>3 1</p><p>4 3</p><p>5 2</p><p>-1 -1</p><p>1 3</p><p>2 5</p><p>3 4</p><p>4 1</p><p>4 2</p><p>4 5</p><p>5 4</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Y Y</p>