---
title: Uva 10126  Zipf’s Law
---

10126 Zipf’s Law
Harvard linguistics professor George Kingsley
Zipf (1902-1950) observed that the frequency
of the k-th most common word in a text is
roughly proportional to 1/k. He justified his
observations in a book titled Human behavior
and the principle of least effort published in
1949. While Zipf’s rationale has largely been
discredited, the principle still holds, and others
have afforded it a more sound mathematical ba-
sis.

You are to find all the words occurring n
times in an English text. A word is a sequence
of letters. Words are separated by non-letters.
Capitalization should be ignored. A word can
be of any length that an English word can be.

## Input

Input consists of several test cases. The first line of each case contains a single positive integer n.
Several lines of text follow which will contain no more than 10000 words. The text for each case is
terminated by a single line containing EndOfText. EndOfText does not appear elsewhere in the input
and is not considered a word.

## Output

For each test case, output the words which occur n times in the input text, one word per line, lower
case, in alphabetical order. If there are no such words in input, output the following line:

There is no such word.

Leave a blank line between cases.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>2</p><p></p><p>In practice, the difference between theory and practice is always</p><p>greater than the difference between theory and practice in theory.</p><p></p><p>- Anonymous</p><p></p><p>Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the</p><p>time he will pick himself up and continue on.</p><p></p><p>- W. S. L. Churchill</p><p>EndOfText</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10126 – Zipf’s Law 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>between</p><p>difference</p><p>in</p><p>will</p>