---
title: Uva 10300  Ecological Premium
---

10300 Ecological Premium
German farmers are given a premium depending on the conditions at their farmyard. Imagine the
following simplified regulation: you know the size of each farmer’s farmyard in square meters and the
number of animals living at it. We won’t make a difference between different animals, although this is
far from reality. Moreover you have information about the degree the farmer uses environment-friendly
equipment and practices, expressed in a single integer greater than zero. The amount of money a farmer
receives can be calculated from these parameters as follows. First you need the space a single animal
occupies at an average. This value (in square meters) is then multiplied by the parameter that stands
for the farmer’s environment-friendliness, resulting in the premium a farmer is paid per animal he owns.
To compute the final premium of a farmer just multiply this premium per animal with the number of
animals the farmer owns.

## Input
The first line of input contains a single positive integer n (< 20), the number of test cases. Each test
case starts with a line containing a single integer f (0 < f < 20), the number of farmers in the test
case. This line is followed by one line per farmer containing three positive integers each: the size of
the farmyard in square meters, the number of animals he owns and the integer value that expresses the
farmers environment-friendliness. Input is terminated by end of file. No integer in the input is greater
than 100000 or less than 0.

## Output
For each test case output one line containing a single integer that holds the summed burden for Ger-
many’s budget, which will always be a whole number. Do not output any blank lines.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>5</p><p>1 1 1</p><p>2 2 2</p><p>3 3 3</p><p>2 3 4</p><p>8 9 2</p><p>3</p><p>9 1 8</p><p>6 12 1</p><p>8 1 1</p><p>3</p><p>10 30 40</p><p>9 8 5</p><p>100 1000 70</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>38</p><p>86</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10300 – Ecological Premium 2/2</p><p></p><p>7445</p>