---
title: Uva 00525  Milk Bottle Data
---

525 Milk Bottle Data
There is a box of the shape of an N ×N lattice. Each grid of the lattice may contain a milk bottle or
none. Mr. Smith wrote down the data of the box by making a record for each row from left to right and
each column from top to bottom. In each record, ‘1’ indicaes that there is a bottle in the corresponding
grid and ‘0’ does not. Unfortunately, the order of these records is thrown into confusion, and some of
these records have corrupted.

Now it’s up to you to provide a program to recover these data: i.e. to give the original arrangement
of the box and give real values for those corrupted data.

## Input
The input file contains a line with a integer N indicating the number of test cases. A blank line follows.

After that there are N test cases, where ‘2’ denotes that the corresponding character has been
corrupted. Each line in the file represents a record. There is a blank line between datasets.

## Output
For each dataset, you should output the original arrangement of the box, and show the record number
for each column on the top of the lattice, and show the record number for each row to the left of the
lattice (see the sample below). You are required to give only one possible result if there are many, and
you should give the indication ‘impossible’ if there is no possibility of original arrangement.

Print a blank line between datasets.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>01210</p><p>21120</p><p>21001</p><p>12110</p><p>12101</p><p>12101</p><p>00011</p><p>22222</p><p>11001</p><p>10010</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>9 8 6 2 7</p><p></p><p>4 1 0 1 1 0</p><p>10 1 0 0 1 0</p><p>1 0 1 1 1 0</p><p>3 0 1 0 0 1</p><p>5 1 1 1 0 1</p>