---
title: Uva 00849  Radar Tracking
---

849 Radar Tracking
A ground-to-air radar system uses an antenna that rotates in a horizontal plane with a period of
2 seconds. Whenever the antenna faces an object, its distance from that antenna is measured and
displayed on a circular screen as a white dot. The distance from the dot to the centre of the screen is
proportional to the horizontal distance from the antenna to the object, and the angle of the line passing
through the centre and the dot represents the direction of the object from the antenna. A dot directly
above the centre represents an object that is north of the antenna; an object to the right of the centre
represents an object to the east, and so on. The antenna rotates clockwise; that is, if it points north at
time t = 0.0, it points east at t = 0.5, south at t = 1.0, west at t = 1.5, north at t = 2, and so on. If
the object is directly on top of the radar antenna, it cannot be observed.

There are a number of objects in the sky. Each is moving at a constant velocity, and appears as a
dot on the screen that appears in a different position every time the antenna observes it. Your task is
to determine where the dot will appear on the screen the next time the antenna observes it, given the
previous two observations. If there are several possibilities, you are to find them all.

## Input
The input consists of a number of lines, each with four real numbers: a1, d1, a2, d2. a1, d1 are the angle
(in degrees) and distance (in arbitrary distance units) for the first observation while a2, d2 are the angle
and distance for the second observation.

## Output
The output consists of one line per line of input, containing all posible solutions sorted by ascending
angle value and then by descending distance value; each solution consists of two real numbers (with
two digits after the decimal place) indicating a3, d3, the angle and distance for the next observation.

## Sample Input
<p>90.0 100.0 90.0 110.0</p><p>90.0 100.0 270.0 10.0</p><p>90.0 100.0 180.0 50.0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>90.00 120.00</p><p>270.00 230.00 270.00 83.33</p><p>199.93 64.96 223.39 130.49</p>