---
title: Uva 00597  Last Name First, Please
---

597 Last Name First, Please
An administrative assistant is presented with the problem or renaming a group of files containing photos
of employees. The files are currently named with the employee’s first name first, i.e., the photo of John
Smith is named John Smith.jpg. The names must be changed so that the last name appears first, i.e.,
Smith John.jpg.

The files are listed in a window in alphabetical order by file name, and are renamed by selecting
them with a mouse or cursor keys, then typing the new name, followed by the enter key. Immediately
after a file is renamed, the ordering of the files is updated in the window, and the file just renamed
remains selected.

For example, the list may originally display (with the first name selected) as

After renaming the selected file, the appearance of the list changes to this:

To save keystrokes, the administrative assistant decides to choose a file adjacent to the selected one,
either Nancy Schnell.jpg or Ruth Sandweiss.jpg, to rename next, thus requiring only a single cursor
keystroke to select the next file. Note that after a few files are renamed, it may be the case that the
selected file is adjacent only to already-renamed files, so that a single cursor keystroke is not sufficient
to select another file to rename. The cursor key does not cause the selected file to “wrap around” from
last to first name or vice.

## Input

The input will contain several test cases, each of them as described below. Consecutive test cases are
separated by a single blank line.

For each case, the input will contain a list of at most 20 file names, one per line, terminated with
carriage returns. No file name will contain more than 32 characters. The first and last names will all be
strings of letters, with only the first capitalized. You may assume that the “last name” is that portion
of the file name between the first space character and the period. In addition, you may assume that no
two last names will be identical



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 597 – Last Name First, Please 2/2

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

For each case, if the files can be renamed, starting with the first file in the list, in such an order
that only a single cursor keystroke is used between renamings, your output should be the file names,
last names first, in the order they are renamed. If there is no such renaming, your output should be
the phrase ‘NO QUICK RENAMING POSSIBLE’.

## Sample Input
<p>Christina Peter.jpg</p><p>Ganesh Ramanarayanan.jpg</p><p>Laurie Yorr.jpg</p><p>Lucy Kraus.jpg</p><p>Melanie Ayala.jpg</p><p>Nancy Schnell.jpg</p><p>Ruth Sandweiss.jpg</p><p></p><p>Christina Peter.jpg</p><p>Ganesh Ramanarayanan.jpg</p><p>Melanie Ayala.jpg</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>NO QUICK RENAMING POSSIBLE</p><p></p><p>Peter, Christina.jpg</p><p>Ayala, Melanie.jpg</p><p>Ramanarayanan, Ganesh.jpg</p>