---
title: Uva 00552  Filling the Gaps
---

552 Filling the Gaps
At the largest conference on coding and cryptography the following theorem needed a proof or a
counterexample: Suppose you are given a set of words of equal length; each word consisting of ‘0’s, ‘1’s
and/or ‘*’s. Furthermore suppose the pattern of ‘*’s is different for all words in the set. By this we
mean: if you replace all ‘0’s and ‘1’s by say ‘$’ you obtain different words.

The claim is: if you replace the ‘*’s by ‘0’s and ‘1’s in all possible ways, then you obtain a set that
is at least as big as the set you started with.

Example:
{ 10*, *0*, *00 } produces { 100, 101, 000, 001 }
{ 100, 101, 10* } produces { 100, 101 }

Notice that the set in the latter example does not satisfy the condidtion mentioned above, so it does
not provide a counterexample.

You program has to check for a number of cases:

1. Whether the pattern of ‘*’s is different for all words in the set and:

2. Compute the number of words obtained by replacing the ‘*’s by ‘0’s and ‘1’s.

The words will not be longer than 15 symbols.

## Input
The input is a text-file that presents a sequence of sets. Each set is described as follows. The first line
gives two integers: the length of the words and the number of the words. Then follow the words, each
on a separate line. The end of the sequence of sets is indicated by a set with wordlength 0 and number
of words equal to 0.

## Output
The output is a textfile that contains one line for each set. if the pattern of ‘*’s is different for all the
words in this set this line should contain ‘YES’ (in uppercase), followed by a space and the number of
obtained words, otherwise it should contain ‘NO’ (uppercase) only.

## Sample Input
<p>3 3</p><p>10*</p><p>*0*</p><p>*00</p><p>4 3</p><p>1100</p><p>1101</p><p>110*</p><p>0 0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 552 – Filling the Gaps 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>YES 4</p><p>NO</p><p>YES 0</p>