---
title: Uva 10440  Ferry Loading II
---

10440 Ferry Loading II
Before bridges were common, ferries were used to
transport cars across rivers. River ferries, unlike their
larger cousins, run on a guide line and are powered
by the river’s current. Cars drive onto the ferry from
one end, the ferry crosses the river, and the cars exit
from the other end of the ferry.

There is a ferry across the river that can take n
cars across the river in t minutes and return in t min-
utes. m cars arrive at the ferry terminal by a given
schedule. What is the earliest time that all the cars
can be transported across the river? What is the min-
imum number of trips that the operator must make
to deliver all cars by that time?

## Input
The first line of input contains c, the number of test
cases. Each test case begins with n, t, m. m lines
follow, each giving the arrival time for a car (in min-
utes since the beginning of the day). The operator
can run the ferry whenever he or she wishes, but can
take only the cars that have arrived up to that time.

## Output
For each test case, output a single line with two integers: the time, in minutes since the beginning of
the day, when the last car is delivered to the other side of the river, and the minimum number of trips
made by the ferry to carry the cars within that time.

You may assume that 0 < n, t,m < 1440. The arrival times for each test case are in non-decreasing
order.

## Sample Input
<p>2</p><p>2 10 10</p><p>0</p><p>10</p><p>20</p><p>30</p><p>40</p><p>50</p><p>60</p><p>70</p><p>80</p><p>90</p><p>2 10 3</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10440 – Ferry Loading II 2/2</p><p></p><p>10</p><p>30</p><p>40</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>100 5</p><p>50 2</p>