---
title: Uva 00698  Index
---

698 Index
The index found near the end of a textbook is an essential feature, and is possibly referenced more
frequently than the table of contents. Of course only selected terms appear in the index. In this problem
you will create a small index.

A normal index must deal with upper- and lower-case terms, unusual punctuation, and index terms
with multiple words. In this problem index terms will consist only of single words consisting of sequences
of at most 10 letters and digits, with all letters converted to upper case in the index. Punctuation
preceding or following an index term will be ignored. No terms will have imbedded punctuation. An
index will frequently have lists of references that exceed the length of a line, but in this problem that
problem will be ignored. Each index term and the list of lines on which it appears appear as a single
separate line in the output.

A normal index identifies the page on which a term appears. To keep the size of the input for this
problem manageable, your index will identify the line on which a term appears. Lines in the text to be
indexed are numbered sequentially, starting with 1.

## Input
The input for this problem will consist of multiple test cases. Each test case has two components: the
list of index terms, and the text to be indexed. The list of index terms will have one term per line
starting in column one with the end of line immediately following the last character in the term. The
list of index terms will be unordered, and the individual terms may include both upper- and lower-case
characters (which are, of course, to be converted to upper case only). An empty line will follow the last
index term. The text to be indexed consists of an arbitrary number of lines followed by an empty line.
An extra empty line will follow the last test case.

## Output
For each test case, the output is to begin with identification of the case (they are numbered sequentially,
starting with 1). The index lines follow this, including one line for each index term appearing in the
text; index terms that do not appear in the text do not appear in the output. Each line contains the
index term, left justified in the leftmost ten columns, a space, and a comma-separated list of the line
numbers on which the index term appears. If an index term appears on several consecutive lines, then
the index specifies the range of lines on which it appears, indicated by the first and last line number in
the range, separated by a hyphen. The example input and output following illustrate all of the cases
you will need to consider.

## Sample Input
<p>empty</p><p>character</p><p>of</p><p>for</p><p>it</p><p></p><p>An empty line has no characters in it at all (except for</p><p>the end of line character). No word will have more than</p><p>ten characters in it. The end of the cases will be followed</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 698 – Index 2/2</p><p></p><p>by another empty line. It follows the empty line ending the</p><p>text of the last case.</p><p></p><p>Repeat</p><p>A</p><p>line</p><p></p><p>A repeat of a word on a line does not result in a repeat of the</p><p>line number in the index.</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1</p><p>CHARACTER 2</p><p>EMPTY 1, 4</p><p>FOR 1</p><p>IT 1, 3-4</p><p>OF 2-3, 5</p><p></p><p>Case 2</p><p>A 1</p><p>LINE 1-2</p><p>REPEAT 1</p>