---
title: Uva 11573  Ocean Currents
---

11573 Ocean Currents
For a boat on a large body of water, strong currents can be dangerous, but with careful planning, they
can be harnessed to help the boat reach its destination. Your job is to help in that planning.

At each location, the current flows in some direction. The captain can choose to either go with the
flow of the current, using no energy, or to move one square in any other direction, at the cost of one
energy unit. The boat always moves in one of the following eight directions: north, south, east, west,
northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest. The boat cannot leave the boundary of the lake.

You are to help him devise a strategy to reach the destination with the minimum energy consump-
tion.

## Input
The lake is represented as a rectangular grid. The first line of input contains two integers r and c, the
number of rows and columns in the grid. The grid has no more than 1000 rows and no more than 1000
columns. Each of the following r lines contains exactly c characters, each a digit from 0 to 7 inclusive.
The character ‘0’ means the current flows north (i.e. up in the grid, in the direction of decreasing
row number), ‘1’ means it flows northeast, ‘2’ means east (i.e. in the direction of increasing column
number), ‘3’ means southeast, and so on in a clockwise manner:

7 0 1
\|/

6-*-2
/|\

5 4 3

The line after the grid contains a single integer n, the number of trips to be made, which is at most
50. Each of the following n lines describes a trip using four integers rs, cs, rd, cd, giving the row and
column of the starting point and the destination of the trip. Rows and columns are numbered starting
with 1.

## Output
For each trip, output a line containing a single integer, the minimum number of energy units needed to
get from the starting point to the destination.

## Sample Input
<p>5 5</p><p>04125</p><p>03355</p><p>64734</p><p>72377</p><p>02062</p><p>3</p><p>4 2 4 2</p><p>4 5 1 4</p><p>5 3 3 4</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11573 – Ocean Currents 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>0</p><p>2</p><p>1</p>