---
title: Uva 00526  String Distance and Transform Process
---

526 String Distance and Transform Process
String Distance is a non-negative integer that measures the distance between two strings. Here we give
the definition. A transform list is a list of strings, where each string, except for the last one, can be
changed to the string followed by adding a character, deleting a character or replacing a character. The
length of a transform list is the count of strings minus 1 (that is the count of operations to transform
these two strings). The distance between two strings is the length of a transform list from one string to
the other with the minimal length. You are to write a program to calculate the distance between two
strings and give the corresponding transform list.

## Input
Input consists a sequence of string pairs, each string pair consists two lines, each string occupies one
line. The length of each string will be no more than 80.

## Output
For each string pair, you should give an integer to indicate the length between them at the first line,
and give a sequence of command to transform string1 to string2. Each command is a line lead by
command count, then the command. A command must be

Insert pos,value
Delete pos
Replace pos,value

where pos is the position of the string and pos should be between 1 and the current length of the string
(in ‘Insert’ command, pos can be 1 greater than the length), and value is a character. Actually many
command lists can satisfy the request, but only one of them is required.

Print a blank line between consecutive datasets.

## Sample Input
<p>abcac</p><p>bcd</p><p>aaa</p><p>aabaaaa</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>3</p><p>1 Delete 1</p><p>2 Replace 3,d</p><p>3 Delete 4</p><p></p><p>4</p><p>1 Insert 1,a</p><p>2 Insert 2,a</p><p>3 Insert 3,b</p><p>4 Insert 7,a</p>