---
title: Uva 10135  Herding Frosh
---

10135 Herding Frosh
One day, a lawn in the centre of campus became infested with Frosh. In an effort to beautify the
campus, one of our illustrious senior classmen decided to round them up using a length of pink silk.
Your job is to compute how much silk was required to complete the task.

The senior classman tied the silk to a telephone post, and walked around the perimeter of the area
containing the Frosh, drawing the silk taught so as to encircle all of them. He then returned to the
telephone post. The senior classman used the minimum amount of silk necessary to encircle all the
frosh plus one extra metre at each end to tie it.

You may assume that the telephone post is at coordinates (0,0), where the first dimension is
North/South and the second dimension is East/West. The coordinates of the Frosh are given in metres
relative to the post. There are no more than 1000 Frosh.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The input consists of a line specifying the number of Frosh, followed by one line per Frosh with two
real numbers his or her position.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

The output consists of a single number - the length of silk in metres, to two decimal places.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>4</p><p>1.0 1.0</p><p>-1.0 1.0</p><p>-1.0 -1.0</p><p>1.0 -1.0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>10.83</p>