---
title: Uva 11734  Big Number of Teams will Solve This
---

11734 Big Number of Teams will Solve This
Writing up a code in Programming Contest for an easy prob-
lem isnt a big task but inexperienced contestants do not know
that their output must match exactly with that of the judges.
Very often they output extra spaces in their output because
they feel it makes the presentation better. The requirement
in reality is the output must match character per character
with that of the judges. Submitted runs that give additional
spaces are given the verdict ‘Output Format Error’. If the
output still mismatches after ignoring the spaces, it is given
the verdict ‘Wrong Answer’. A verdict of ‘Yes’ is given when
the output matches exactly. In this problem, you will have to
determine the verdict for runs given the team output and the
judges output.

## Input
The first line of input consists of a positive integer t < 20, where t denotes the number of test cases.
Each case consists of two lines. The first line is the team’s output and the second line is the judges
output. Each line consists of at least one and at most 20 characters. The teams output consists of
alphabets and spaces. The judges output consists of alphabets only.

## Output
For each case of input, there will be one line of output. It will first contain the case number followed
by the verdict. Look at sample output for exact formatting.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>yes</p><p>yes</p><p>Casematters</p><p>casematters</p><p>no space please</p><p>nospaceplease</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: Yes</p><p>Case 2: Wrong Answer</p><p>Case 3: Output Format Error</p>