---
title: Uva 00393  The Doors
---

393 The Doors
You are to find the length of the shortest path
through a chamber containing obstructing walls. The
chamber will always have sides at x = 0, x = 10,
y = 0, and y = 10. The initial and final points of the
path are always (0, 5) and (10, 5). There will also be
from 0 to 18 vertical walls inside the chamber, each
with two doorways. The figure on the right illustrates
such a chamber and also shows the path of minimal
length.

## Input
The input data for the illustrated chamber would ap-
pear as follows.

2
4 2 7 8 9
7 3 4.5 6 7

The first line contains the number of interior walls. Then there is a line for each such wall, containing
five real numbers. The first number is the x coordinate of the wall (0 < x < 10), and the remaining
four are the y coordinates of the ends of the doorways in that wall. The x coordinates of the walls are
in increasing order, and within each line the y coordinates are in increasing order. The input file will
contain at least one such set of data. The end of the data comes when the number of walls is ‘-1’.

## Output
The output file should contain one line of output for each chamber. The line should contain the minimal
path length rounded to two decimal places past the decimal point, and always showing the two decimal
places past the decimal point. The line should contain no blanks.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>5 4 6 7 8</p><p>2</p><p>4 2 7 8 9</p><p>7 3 4.5 6 7</p><p>-1</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>10.00</p><p>10.06</p>