---
title: Uva 00277  Cabinets
---

277 Cabinets
Well-Built Cabinet Distributors, Inc. recently received an electronic catalog of cabinets from their
leading manufacturer, Woodcraft. Unfortunately, the format of the data is not consistent with that
expected by Well-Built’s inventory software. For this problem, you will construct a program that
reformats the Woodcraft catalog for use by the inventory software.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

Input will be formatted as from a comma-delimited ASCII file. Your program must read all input
from the standard input file. Each line in the input has a maximum length of 64 characters and contains
the following fields:

Field Length Explanation
Style Code 1-3 Code specifying the cabinet’s style.
Style Name 0-15 Name for cabinet style.
Description 1-15 Code describing type of cabinet.
Extension 0-25 Additional information about cabinet.
Unit Price 0-6 Manufacturer’s suggested retail price (dollars × 100).

The records are presented in ascending order by Style Code. You may assume that all fields will be
consistent with the lengths given, and that all fields will contain appropriate characters.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

Output will consist of a reformatted catalog. The reformatted catalog file will be a comma-delimited
ASCII file. The first record in the file must be the following:

Item Id,Item Desc,Item Price

Each remaining record in the file will have a maximum length of 50 characters and contain the
following fields:

Field Length Explanation
Item Id 4-13 Unique identification code for inventory database.
Item Desc 1-30 Inventory description of cabinet.
Item Price 4-7 Manufacturer’s suggested retail price.

The Item Id is formed by concatenating the Style Code and the Description. If the Style Code
is less than three characters long, it must be left-filled with zeros to three characters. If the Item Id
exceeds 13 characters, then the record is rejected.

The Item Desc is formed by concatenating the Style Name, a hyphen, and the Extension. If the
Style Name is missing, use the Style Name from the first record of the corresponding Style Code group.
If this first record has no Style Name either, then reject the record. If the Extension is not present,
then Item Desc is the same as Style Name (no hyphen). If Item Desc exceeds 30 characters, then it
must be truncated on the right.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 277 – Cabinets 2/2

The Item Price is formed by formatting the Unit Price as dollars and cents. If Unit Price is not
present, then Item Price = 0.00.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>23,CHAMPAGNE,BASE36,3" RECESSED TOE KICK,8900</p><p>23,,BASE54,,11000</p><p>25,LAUREL,CNR24LT,,15000</p><p>107,COLONIAL,BASE54WSIDEJAM</p><p>202,SAGEBRUSH,OVRHD54P,USE WITH HDWARE KIT #3207</p><p>221,ALVEA MODERN,BASE36</p><p>221,ALVEA MODERN,OVRHD54WCAP</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Item Id,Item Desc,Item Price</p><p>023BASE36,CHAMPAGNE-3" RECESSED TOE KICK,89.00</p><p>023BASE54,CHAMPAGNE,110.00</p><p>025CNR24LT,LAUREL,150.00</p><p>202OVRHD54P,SAGEBRUSH-USE WITH HDWARE KIT ,0.00</p><p>221BASE36,ALVEA MODERN,0.00</p>