---
title: Uva 12543  Longest Word
---

12543 Longest Word

A word is composed of only letters of the alphabet (a-z, A-Z) and may contain one hyphen (-) or more.
Given a text containing words, and other characters (punctuations, numbers, symbols, etc), you are to
write a program to find the longest word.

Each letter or a hyphen in a word is counted as 1. For example,

The length of Apple is 5
The length of son-in-law is 10
The length of ACM-ICPC is 8

## Input

A text may contain several lines and paragraphs but the text does not exceed 10,000 characters. No
word can exceed 100 characters. The word ‘E-N-D’ indicates the end of input.

## Output

Print out the longest word in small letters. If there exist several longest words, print only the first one
found in the text.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (abbreviated as</p><p></p><p>ACM-ICPC or just ICPC) is an annual multi-tiered computer programming</p><p></p><p>competition among the universities of the world. The contest is</p><p></p><p>sponsored by IBM. Headquartered at Baylor University, with autonomous</p><p></p><p>regions on six continents, the ICPC is directed by Baylor Professor</p><p></p><p>William B. Poucher, Executive Director, and operates under the</p><p></p><p>auspices of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).</p><p></p><p>The 2012 ACM-ICPC Asia Hatyai Regional Programming Contest is</p><p></p><p>held during 15-16 November 2012. It is hosted by Prince of Songkla</p><p></p><p>University, Hatyai campus. E-N-D</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>international</p>