---
title: Uva 11584  Partitioning by Palindromes
---

11584 Partitioning by Palindromes

Can you read upside-down?

We say a sequence of characters is a
palindrome if it is the same written
forwards and backwards. For exam-
ple, ‘racecar’ is a palindrome, but
‘fastcar’ is not.

A partition of a sequence of char-
acters is a list of one or more disjoint
non-empty groups of consecutive char-
acters whose concatenation yields the
initial sequence. For example, (‘race’,
‘car’) is a partition of ‘racecar’ into
two groups.

Given a sequence of characters, we
can always create a partition of these
characters such that each group in the
partition is a palindrome! Given this
observation it is natural to ask: what
is the minimum number of groups
needed for a given string such that ev-
ery group is a palindrome?

For example:

• ‘racecar’ is already a palin-
drome, therefore it can be par-
titioned into one group.

• ‘fastcar’ does not contain any
non-trivial palindromes, so it
must be partitioned as (‘f’, ‘a’,
‘s’, ‘t’, ‘c’, ‘a’, ‘r’).

• ‘aaadbccb’ can be partitioned as
(‘aaa’, ‘d’, ‘bccb’).

## Input

Input begins with the number n of test cases. Each test case consists of a single line of between 1 and
1000 lowercase letters, with no whitespace within.

## Output

For each test case, output a line containing the minimum number of groups required to partition the
input into groups of palindromes.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11584 – Partitioning by Palindromes 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>racecar</p><p>fastcar</p><p>aaadbccb</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1</p><p>7</p><p>3</p>