---
title: Uva 10322  The Four in One Stadium
---

10322 The Four in One Stadium
You all know by now who are playing
the World Cup 2002 Soccer Final. The
matches of World Cup are held in beau-
tiful stadiums. You can see some beauti-
ful stadiums below (From Korea, Japan,
Italy and Germany)

You know that last two matches of
a group are played at the same time to
prevent the teams from taking any unfair
advantages. But still there remain some
other problems:

a) If the last two matches of the same
group are played in two different
places they might end in two dif-
ferent times, so last few minutes of
the match which ends later may be-
come excitement free.

b) Often the team that is certain to go
to next round may willfully want to
lose a match to avoid a great op-
ponent (like Brazil, Italy, Germany
etc). In future world cups, teams may also like to avoid the host nations.

To solve these problems FIFA wants to make stadiums where actually three matches can take place.
The structure of the stadium is shown below:

As you can see that there are three small circular
stadiums within a large circular stadium. There is also
a small scoreboard zone (shown as a small green circle
touching the three smaller stadiums) which is also cir-
cular. The three smaller stadiums touch one another in
point A, B, and C. The triangular zone ABC is known as
the neutral zone where the FIFA officials will sit and they
will watch all three matches and enjoy the statistics in
the scoreboard zone. No one will be allowed to go out of
the stadium as the match starts and only the FIFA offi-
cials are allowed to carry communication devices. Given
the area of the smaller three stadiums (Ar1, Ar2 and
Ar3) you will have to find out the radius of the largest
stadium (R) or radius of the stadium that contains the
smaller three stadiums, radius of the scoreboard zone
(Sr) and area of the neutral zone (An)



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10322 – The Four in One Stadium 2/2

## Input
The input file contains several lines of input. Each line contains three floating point numbers Ar1, Ar2
and Ar3 as described in the problem statement. Input is terminated by end of file.

## Output
For each line of input produce one line of output. This line contains three floating point numbers R,
Sr and An as explained in the problem statement. All the numbers should have ten digits after the
decimal point. Output will be judged with special correction program, so you need not worry about
very small precision errors.

## Sample Input
<p>0.3183098862 0.3183098862 0.3183098862</p><p>0.3183098862 0.3183098862 0.3183098862</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>0.6858624831 0.0492427108 0.0438733595</p><p>0.6858624831 0.0492427108 0.0438733595</p>