---
title: Uva 01606  Amphiphilic Carbon Molecules
---

1606 Amphiphilic Carbon Molecules

Shanghai Hypercomputers, the world’s largest computer chip manufacturer, has invented a new class
of nanoparticles called Amphiphilic Carbon Molecules (ACMs). ACMs are semiconductors. It means
that they can be either conductors or insulators of electrons, and thus possess a property that is very
important for the computer chip industry. They are also amphiphilic molecules, which means parts
of them are hydrophilic while other parts of them are hydrophobic. Hydrophilic ACMs are soluble
in polar solvents (for example, water) but are insoluble in nonpolar solvents (for example, acetone).
Hydrophobic ACMs, on the contrary, are soluble in acetone but insoluble in water. Semiconductor
ACMs dissolved in either water or acetone can be used in the computer chip manufacturing process.

Fig.1

As a materials engineer at Shanghai Hyper-
computers, your job is to prepare ACM solu-
tions from ACM particles. You go to your fac-
tory everyday at 8 am and find a batch of ACM
particles on your workbench. You prepare the
ACM solutions by dripping some water, as well
as some acetone, into those particles and watch
the ACMs dissolve in the solvents. You always
want to prepare unmixed solutions, so you first
separate the ACM particles by placing an In-
sulating Carbon Partition Card (ICPC) per-
pendicular to your workbench. The ICPC is
long enough to completely separate the parti-
cles. You then drip water on one side of the ICPC and acetone on the other side. The ICPC helps you
obtain hydrophilic ACMs dissolved in water on one side and hydrophobic ACMs dissolved in acetone
on the other side. If you happen to put the ICPC on top of some ACM particles, those ACMs will be
right at the border between the water solution and the acetone solution, and they will be dissolved.
Fig.1 shows your working situation.

Your daily job is very easy and boring, so your supervisor makes it a little bit more challenging by
asking you to dissolve as much ACMs into solution as possible. You know you have to be very careful
about where to put the ICPC since hydrophilic ACMs on the acetone side, or hydrophobic ACMs on
the water side, will not dissolve. As an experienced engineer, you also know that sometimes it can be
very difficult to find the best position for the ICPC, so you decide to write a program to help you. You
have asked your supervisor to buy a special digital camera and have it installed above your workbench,
so that your program can obtain the exact positions and species (hydrophilic or hydrophobic) of each
ACM particle in a 2D pictures taken by the camera. The ICPC you put on your workbench will appear
as a line in the 2D pictures.

## Input

There will be no more than 10 test cases. Each case starts with a line containing an integer N , which
is the number of ACM particles in the test case. N lines then follow. Each line contains three integers
x, y, r, where (x, y) is the position of the ACM particle in the 2D picture and r can be 0 or 1, standing
for the hydrophilic or hydrophobic type ACM respectively. The absolute value of x, y will be no larger
than 10000. You may assume that N is no more than 1000. N = 0 signifies the end of the input and
need not be processed.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1606 – Amphiphilic Carbon Molecules 2/2

## Output

For each test case, output a line containing a single integer, which is the maximum number of dissolved
ACM particles.

Note: Fig.2 shows the positions of ACM particles and the best ICPC position for the last test case in
the sample input.

Fig.2

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>0 0 0</p><p></p><p>0 1 0</p><p></p><p>2 2 1</p><p></p><p>4</p><p></p><p>0 0 0</p><p></p><p>0 4 0</p><p></p><p>4 0 0</p><p></p><p>1 2 1</p><p></p><p>7</p><p></p><p>-1 0 0</p><p></p><p>1 2 1</p><p></p><p>2 3 0</p><p></p><p>2 1 1</p><p></p><p>0 3 1</p><p></p><p>1 4 0</p><p></p><p>-1 2 0</p><p></p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>6</p>