---
title: Uva 13093  Acronyms
---

13093 Acronyms
There are several interesting developments in the history that were named in honor of their inventors,
for example:

• RSA is made of the initial letters of the surnames of Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Leonard
Adleman.

• BPS is made of the initial letters of Bogomolnyi, Prasad, and Sommerfield.
Sometimes, people change the name of those developments with other words (not necessarily mean-

ingful), for example:
• RSA: Randomized Super Algorithm.

• BPS: Beyond Perturbative States.
In this task you must check if a name may have come from certain authors. A name comes from

certain authors if the initials of the authors are the same as the initials of the words in the name. Note
that the initials should match in the same order that they are given in the input.

## Input
The input consists of several test cases. Each test case consists of two lines:

• The name of the authors separated by spaces.

• The name to check separated by spaces.
All the words consist of lowercase english letters.
The number of authors is greater than 1 and less than 10. This number may be different from the

number of words in the name to check.

## Output
For each test case print ‘yes’, if the name may have come from the given authors. Print ‘no’ otherwise.

## Sample Input
<p>rivest shamir adleman</p><p>randomized super algorithm</p><p>bogomolnyi prasad sommerfield</p><p>beyond perturbative states</p><p>arthur jack sean</p><p>amazing jurisprudential victory</p><p>rivest adleman shamir</p><p>randomized super algorithm</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>yes</p><p>yes</p><p>no</p><p>no</p>