---
title: Uva 12623  Choosing Presents
---

12623 Choosing Presents
You want to make some presents for all your friends. The problem is that you cannot decide what to
buy for each one.

There are a number of presents available to buy in the store, but there is only one item of each
product. Each of them has a price and would be liked by some of your friends. You want to give to each
of your friends one present that he/she likes, but you don’t want to spend more money than necessary.

## Input
The input format is as follows:

An integer in a single line which says the number of problems to solve. Then, for each problem:

• An integer in a line by itself indicating the number of friends that you have (20 or less).

• An integer in a line by itself indicating the number of presents available in the store (25 or less).
Then, for each present, a line containing a list of integers separated by spaces:

– The price of the present.
– The number of friends that like this present.
– One integer for each of the friends that likes this present.

## Output
The output for each problem consists of one line with an integer indicating the price of the set of chosen
presents, and then, for each friend, the number of the chosen present for him/her (all indices start from
zero).

You should print only the cheaper solution, and if there are several cheaper solutions, the one that
comes first in lexicographical order. If you cannot buy presents for each of your friends, you should
print ‘No solution.’.

## Sample Input
<p>2</p><p>3</p><p>9</p><p>20 2 0 1</p><p>15 1 0</p><p>45 0</p><p>10 2 1 2</p><p>12 2 1 2</p><p>1400 3 0 1 2</p><p>100 2 0 2</p><p>10 1 2</p><p>10 2 1 2</p><p>4</p><p>4</p><p>5 1 0</p><p>4 1 1</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 12623 – Choosing Presents 2/2</p><p></p><p>3 1 2</p><p>2 1 1</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>35 1 3 7</p><p>No solution.</p>