---
title: Uva 11035  Card Hands
---

11035 Card Hands
Jim is writing a program for statistically
analyzing card games. He needs to store
many different card hands in memory ef-
ficiently. Each card has one of four suits
and one of thirteen values. In his im-
plementation, each hand is stored as a
linked list of cards in a canonical order:
the cards are first ordered by suit: all the
clubs come first, followed by all the di-
amonds, then all the hearts, and finally
the spades. Within each suit, the cards
are ordered by value: A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, J, Q, K. Each hand contains at
most one of any given card.

The card hands are using lots of mem-
ory. Jim therefore decides to try a more
efficient representation. Whenever any
two lists share a common tail, they can be updated to share one copy of the tail, and the other
copy can be discarded. This process can be repeated until no two lists share a common tail.

Your job is to tell Jim how many linked list nodes he needs to store all the card hands.

## Input
The input contains several test cases followed by a line containing 0. The first line of each case contains
the number of card hands. Each subsequent line describes a card hand. It starts with a number
indicating the number of cards in the hand. The cards follow, separated by spaces, in the canonical
order defined above. For each card, the value is given first, followed by the suit (C, D, H, or S). There
are at most 100,000 cards in all hands.

## Output
For each test case, output a line containing the number of linked list nodes needed to store all the lists.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>3 7D AH 5S</p><p>4 9C 3D 4D 5S</p><p>2 AH 5S</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>6</p>