---
title: Uva 00886  Named Extension Dialing
---

886 Named Extension Dialing
The marketing research group of the S&TC (String & Tin Can)
telephone company recently concluded its analysis of leading-edge
services that could be developed for its CENTREX (business
user) customers. The analysis showed that “Named Extension Di-
aling” (NED) has the highest profit potential. To maximize profit
by minimizing non-recurring expenses, S&TC has contracted your
team to develop a module for the automated attendant system
that implements NED.

Currently when a call is placed to a business’ primary num-
ber, the caller is greeted with the pleasant, and almost human,
message “You have reached XYZ Corporation. If you know your
party’s extension, please dial it now, or stay on the line for an
operator.” NED will allow the sentence, “If you know your party’s name, dial the first letter of the first
name followed by the first letters of the last name of your party now,” to be added to the message.

## Input

Input to your software module will be a directory of names and extensions, one per line, followed by
lines containing arbitrary numeric strings dialed by people calling XYZ Corporation. Each directory
entry consists of a first name, one space, a last name, one space, and a 4-digit phone extension. Names
can contain any combination of up to twenty lower and upper case letters. No input line will exceed 80
characters.

## Output

For each dialed number, the program is to output, on one line starting in the first column, the list of
extensions to which the number could be referring. If the dialed number exactly matches an extension,
output the extension; otherwise, output the list of extensions that correspond with names that match
the dialed number. Multiple extensions that match a dialed number are to be separated from each other
by single spaces. The dialed number must match the characters in the name exactly. (Homophonic
matching of names was already completed in an earlier contest.) If the input fails to match any names
or extensions, output ‘0’.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>Barry Charles 4384</p><p>John Smith 2315</p><p>Susan Small 5764</p><p>Alexis Baxter 4652</p><p>Kim Rohde 6678</p><p>22</p><p>5764</p><p>2345</p><p>22298</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 886 – Named Extension Dialing 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>4384 4652</p><p>5764</p><p>0</p><p>4652</p>