---
title: Uva 00598  Bundling Newspapers
---

598 Bundling Newspapers
A statistical research company needs a program to produce instructions for an existing application that
creates questionnaires about newspapers. The application requires instructions that are comma- delim-
ited lists of newspapers, each list consisting of a subset of the set of newspapers in some metropolitan
area. Your program will read a list of newspapers and produce this output in a particular order, and
for subsets of some range of sizes.

## Input
The first line of the input is an integer M , then a blank line followed by M datasets. There is a blank
line between datasets.

Each dataset consists of a first line describing the sizes of subsets to be output, followed by the
names of the newspapers, one per line. Each line is terminated by an end-of-line marker, and the input
file is terminated by an end-of-file marker. The newspaper names will contain at most 30 characters
each, and there will be a maximum of 12 newspaper names.

The first line will contain either a single asterisk in column one, one positive integer, or two positive
integers, the first less than the second. Any integers in this line will be no greater than the number of
newspapers to follow. The meaning of these is as follows:

* means show all subset sizes from 1 to the number of newspapers in the list
a b means show all subset sizes from a to b, inclusive
n means show only subsets of size n

## Output
The output for each dataset should consist of the comma-delimited subsets of papers, one subset per
line, grouped by subset size, and with a header line above each subset size group indicating the size.
Print a blank line after each subset size group.

Within a subset size group, the order of the lines of output should be listed in such a way that if the
names of the first, second and third newspapers listed in the input file were A, B, C, etc., respectively,
the output lines would be in lexicographic order (in the example above, A,B; A,C; A,D; B,C; ...).

Print a blank line between datasets.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>2 3</p><p>Times</p><p>Herald-Tribune</p><p>Post</p><p>New Advocate</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Size 2</p><p>Times, Herald-Tribune</p><p>Times, Post</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 598 – Bundling Newspapers 2/2</p><p></p><p>Times, New Advocate</p><p>Herald-Tribune, Post</p><p>Herald-Tribune, New Advocate</p><p>Post, New Advocate</p><p></p><p>Size 3</p><p>Times, Herald-Tribune, Post</p><p>Times, Herald-Tribune, New Advocate</p><p>Times, Post, New Advocate</p><p>Herald-Tribune, Post, New Advocate</p>