---
title: Uva 00445  Marvelous Mazes
---

445 Marvelous Mazes
Your mission, if you decide to accept it, is to create a maze drawing program. A maze will consist of
the alphabetic characters A-Z, * (asterisk), and spaces.

## Input
Your program will get the information for the mazes from the input file. This file will contain lines of
characters which your program must interpret to draw a maze. Each row of the maze will be described
by a series of numbers and characters, where the numbers before a character tell how many times that
character will be used. If there are multiple digits in a number before a character, then the number of
times to repeat the character is the sum of the digits before that character.

The lowercase letter ‘b’ will be used in the input file to represent spaces in the maze. The descriptions
for different rows in the maze will be separated by an exclamation point (!), or by an end of line.

Descriptions for different mazes will be separated by a blank line. The input file will be terminated
by an end of file.

## Output
For each description in the input file, draw the corresponding maze as it is shown in the sample output
below. There is no limit to the number of rows in a maze or the number of mazes in a file, though no
row will contain more than 132 characters.

Print a blank line between two consecutive mazes.

Happy mazing!

## Sample Input
<p>1T1b5T!1T2b1T1b2T!1T1b1T2b2T!1T3b1T1b1T!3T3b1T!1T3b1T1b1T!5T1*1T</p><p></p><p>11X21b1X</p><p>4X1b1X</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>T TTTTT</p><p>T T TT</p><p>T T TT</p><p>T T T</p><p>TTT T</p><p>T T T</p><p>TTTTT*T</p><p></p><p>XX X</p><p>XXXX X</p>