---
title: Uva 01309  Sudoku
---

1309 Sudoku

A Sudoku grid is a 16 × 16 grid of cells grouped in sixteen 4 × 4 squares, where some cells are filled
with letters from A to P (the first 16 capital letters of the English alphabet), as shown in figure 1a.
The game is to fill all the empty grid cells with letters from A to P such that each letter from the grid
occurs once only in the line, the column, and the 4 × 4 square it occupies. The initial content of the
grid satisfies the constraints mentioned above and guarantees a unique solution.

Write a Sudoku playing program that reads data sets from a text file.

## Input

Each data set encodes a grid and contains 16 strings on 16 consecutive lines as shown in figure 2. The
i-th string stands for the i-th line of the grid, is 16 characters long, and starts from the first position
of the line. String characters are from the set {A,B,. . . ,P,-}, where ‘-’ (minus) designates empty grid
cells. The data sets are separated by single empty lines and terminate with an end of file.

## Output

The program prints the solution of the input encoded grids in the same format and order as used for
input.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>--A----C-----O-I</p><p></p><p>-J--A-B-P-CGF-H-</p><p></p><p>--D--F-I-E----P-</p><p></p><p>-G-EL-H----M-J--</p><p></p><p>----E----C--G---</p><p></p><p>-I--K-GA-B---E-J</p><p></p><p>D-GP--J-F----A--</p><p></p><p>-E---C-B--DP--O-</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1309 – Sudoku 2/2</p><p></p><p>E--F-M--D--L-K-A</p><p></p><p>-C--------O-I-L-</p><p></p><p>H-P-C--F-A--B---</p><p></p><p>---G-OD---J----H</p><p></p><p>K---J----H-A-P-L</p><p></p><p>--B--P--E--K--A-</p><p></p><p>-H--B--K--FI-C--</p><p></p><p>--F---C--D--H-N-</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>FPAHMJECNLBDKOGI</p><p></p><p>OJMIANBDPKCGFLHE</p><p></p><p>LNDKGFOIJEAHMBPC</p><p></p><p>BGCELKHPOFIMAJDN</p><p></p><p>MFHBELPOACKJGNID</p><p></p><p>CILNKDGAHBMOPEFJ</p><p></p><p>DOGPIHJMFNLECAKB</p><p></p><p>JEKAFCNBGIDPLHOM</p><p></p><p>EBOFPMIJDGHLNKCA</p><p></p><p>NCJDHBAEKMOFIGLP</p><p></p><p>HMPLCGKFIAENBDJO</p><p></p><p>AKIGNODLBPJCEFMH</p><p></p><p>KDEMJIFNCHGAOPBL</p><p></p><p>GLBCDPMHEONKJIAF</p><p></p><p>PHNOBALKMJFIDCEG</p><p></p><p>IAFJOECGLDPBHMNK</p>