---
title: Uva 10153  New Horizons
---

10153 New Horizons
I’m king of a house! And, what’s more, beyond that,
I’m king of a blueberry bush and a cat!
I’m Yertle the Turtle! Oh, marvelous me!
For I am the ruler of all that I see!”

Yertle has determined that the number of objects he can see, and hence rule, depends on the height
of his throne. Your task, as Minister of Computing and Vertigo (a new combined Super Ministry), is
to determine which objects Yertle would see should he build his throne to a particular height.

## Input
Standard input consists of several test cases, each containing:

• A floating point number on a line by itself, specifying the diameter of Yertle’s planet in “flipper
lengths”.

• A line containing three floating point numbers: the height of Yertle’s throne (in flipper lengths),
the latitude of Yertle’s throne (between -90 and +90 degrees), the longitude of Yertle’s throne
(between 0 and 360 degrees).

• An integer n on a line by itself, specifying the number of objects on the surface of Yertle’s planet.

• n more lines, each containing three floating point numbers and a string of alphabetic and space
characters. Each line indicates the height, latitude, longitude and name of an object on the surface
of Yertle’s planet.

All distances are in flipper lengths, and all latitudes and longitudes are in degrees. Floating point
values are formatted as a string of decimal digits with an optional decimal point and sign. The fields in
the input are separated by exactly one space character. You may assume that no object hides another;
only the horizon limits Yertle’s view.

## Output
For each test case, standard output consists of:

• The list of objects whose tops are visible to Yertle, in alphabetical order, followed by a blank line.

## Sample Input
<p>20000.0</p><p>100.0 45.0 100.0</p><p>3</p><p>2.0 46.0 99.0 Cat</p><p>20.0 -45.0 260.0 House</p><p>5.0 45.1 100.2 Blueberry Bush</p><p>6.0</p><p>3.0 90.0 0.0</p><p>2</p><p>0.0 30.00 0.0 Ant on the horizon</p><p>0.1 30.00 0.0 Cat on the horizon</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10153 – New Horizons 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Blueberry Bush</p><p>Cat</p><p></p><p>Cat on the horizon</p>