---
title: Uva 10466  How Far?
---

10466 How Far?
As you probably know, the earth moves
round the sun, and the moon moves round
the earth. Both the earth and the moon fol-
low elliptical paths. But for this problem,
we will consider their paths to be circular.
So the earth moves round the sun in a cir-
cular path with the sun in the center, and
likewise the moon moves round the earth in
a circular path with the earth in the cen-
ter. This same kind of planetary system can
be observed elsewhere in the galaxy. So, for
a general case, let there are n such bodies
b1, b2, b3, . . . , bn, where b1 moves round the sun, which is stationary, from a distance of r1. Body b2
moves round b1 from a distance of r2, and so on. Body bi completes a cycle in nonzero-time ti.

Given the r’s and the t’s, you have to find out the distances d’s of the bodies from the sun at a
given time T . At T = 0, all the bodies lie in their farthest positions from the sun.

## Input
Input consists of multiple test cases. Each case starts with n and T in a line. The following n lines
each contains first ri and then ti for i = 1, 2, . . . , n. Input is terminated by EOF. All the inputs are
positive integers. There wont be more than 50 bodies in a single solar system.

## Output
For each case, there should a new line. Print all the d’s in that line separated by spaces. Each d should
have 4-digits after the decimal point.

## Sample Input
<p>3 5</p><p>20 5</p><p>30 5</p><p>40 5</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>20.0000 50.0000 90.0000</p>