---
title: Uva 11580  Finding the Transmitter
---

11580 Finding the Transmitter

Finding the angle to the transmitter

Triangulation is an ancient technique for locating points in
a coordinate system based on the measurement of angles,
as opposed to the measurement of distances. This makes it
especially useful for precisely locating points that are not
practically reachable, as long as one can determine what
direction they are in.

In this problem, you are trying to locate a radio trans-
mitter somewhere on Earth, using angle measurements from
two known points. At each of the given points, the angle to
the transmitter is determined by the angle between a short-
est path to the North Pole and a shortest path to the trans-
mitter, measured clockwise looking from above the surface
of the earth. Paths are constrained to the surface of the
earth, and the earth’s surface is assumed to be a perfect
sphere.

It is guaranteed that neither of the given points is at the
North Pole or the South Pole (to avoid ambiguity in angle
measurements), and one may assume that the transmitter is located at a third (distinct) point which
is uniquely locatable using the measurements.

Points on the Earth are denoted using latitude and longitude notation in decimal degrees (rounded
to two decimal places). See the figures for an explanation of the latitude/longitude system. Note that
for this problem, the equator’s latitude must be reported as ‘0.00 N’, while the longitude is written
‘0.00 W’ at the Prime Meridian and ‘180.00 W’ at the International Date Line. Furthermore, the
longitude at the Poles should be given as ‘0.00 W’. In other words, where ambiguity exists, the use of
‘0.00’ and/or ‘N/W’ is dictated.

How latitude works How latitude works



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11580 – Finding the Transmitter 2/2

## Input
Input begins with the number of test cases on its own line. Each test case consists of two lines, each
containing the latitude and longitude of a point followed by the angle to the transmitter (all of these
are given as real numbers).

## Output
For each test case, output a line containing the latitude and longitude of the transmitter, rounded to
two decimal places in decimal degrees.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>0.00 N 45.00 E 180.00</p><p>0.00 N 45.00 W 180.00</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>90.00 S 0.00 W</p>