---
title: Uva 10815  Andy’s First Dictionary
---

10815 Andy’s First Dictionary
Andy, 8, has a dream - he wants to produce his very
own dictionary. This is not an easy task for him, as
the number of words that he knows is, well, not quite
enough. Instead of thinking up all the words himself,
he has a briliant idea. From his bookshelf he would
pick one of his favourite story books, from which he
would copy out all the distinct words. By arranging
the words in alphabetical order, he is done! Of course,
it is a really time-consuming job, and this is where a
computer program is helpful.

You are asked to write a program that lists all
the different words in the input text. In this prob-
lem, a word is defined as a consecutive sequence of
alphabets, in upper and/or lower case. Words with
only one letter are also to be considered. Furthermore, your program must be CaSe InSeNsItIvE. For
example, words like “Apple”, “apple” or “APPLE” must be considered the same.

## Input
The input file is a text with no more than 5000 lines. An input line has at most 200 characters. Input
is terminated by EOF.

## Output
Your output should give a list of different words that appears in the input text, one in a line. The words
should all be in lower case, sorted in alphabetical order. You can be sure that he number of distinct
words in the text does not exceed 5000.

## Sample Input
<p>Adventures in Disneyland</p><p></p><p>Two blondes were going to Disneyland when they came to a fork in the</p><p>road. The sign read: "Disneyland Left."</p><p></p><p>So they went home.</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>a</p><p>adventures</p><p>blondes</p><p>came</p><p>disneyland</p><p>fork</p><p>going</p><p>home</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10815 – Andy’s First Dictionary 2/2</p><p></p><p>in</p><p>left</p><p>read</p><p>road</p><p>sign</p><p>so</p><p>the</p><p>they</p><p>to</p><p>two</p><p>went</p><p>were</p><p>when</p>