---
title: Uva 11755  Table Tennis
---

11755 Table Tennis
Table tennis is a two/four player sport that originated in Eng-
land. The scoring system of this game has changed with time.
For this problem we will consider the two-player version of the
game that abides by the following scoring rules (note that this
rule is significantly different from the usual ones):

• Player 1 makes the first move. The players alternate
serve every 5 points. That means serves [1,5] are done
by player 1, serves [6, 10] are done by player 2, serves
[11, 15] are done by player 1 and so on.

• In each serve, one of the two players wins a point. The
first player to reach 21 points wins the game.

• If the scores are 20-20 (deuce), the scores are reset to
15-15.

Given a partial game, the probability of player 1 winning a point on his serve and the probability of
player 1 winning a point on the opponents serve, can you find out the probability of player 1 winning
the game?

## Input
The first line of input is an integer T (T < 1000) that indicates the number of test cases. Each case
consists of two lines. The first line is a string consisting of the letters ‘W’ and ‘L’ only. The length of
this string is non-negative and can have a maximum value of 100. The string gives the status of the
game so far. If the i-th character (1 based) is ‘W’, that means player 1 won the i-th point. Similarly,
‘L’ indicates that the player 1 lost that point. The next line consists of two real numbers, P1 P2, in the
range [0, 1], with at most 3 digits after the decimal point. P1 is the probability of player 1 winning a
point on his serve and P2 is the probability of player 1 winning a point on player 2’s serve.

## Output
For each case, output the case number first. Then output the probability of player 1 winning the game
rounded to 6 decimal places. If the given partial game is impossible according to any of the rules or
data, output ‘-1.000000’ instead. Outputs will be checked with special judge, so small precision errors
will be ignored. Look at the samples for exact format.

Illustration:

• Case 1: Player 1 has already won 20 points and next its his serve. To win the next point (which
is also the game point) he has a 1.0 probability of winning

• Case 2: Player 1 has already won 21 points and he won the game and so its 1.000000.

• Case 3: The game should stop after 21 points, but the string has an extra ‘W’ and makes this
game invalid, so output is -1.000000.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11755 – Table Tennis 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>4</p><p>WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW</p><p>1.0 0.234</p><p>WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW</p><p>0.3 0.99</p><p>WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW</p><p>1.0 1.0</p><p>WL</p><p>0.7 0.3</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: 1.000000</p><p>Case 2: 1.000000</p><p>Case 3: -1.000000</p><p>Case 4: 0.444026</p>