---
title: Uva 00479  Irrigation Flow Rates
---

479 Irrigation Flow Rates
The Mishawaka Irrigation company builds custom designed pipeline irrigation systems for farmers and
ranchers. One such irrigation system is shown below (it matches the first dataset in the example input,
where flow rates are 200, 40 and 73):

For the above example, three wells provide water for the irrigation system and a variety of valve
settings (V1, V2, . . . , V7) are used to control the amount of water that is delivered to each of the three
sprinkler systems. Furthermore, the flow of water occurs only in the direction indicated by the arrows.
Each valve can be set to the right (in which case all the water is diverted to the right), or to the left
(in which case all the water is diverted to the left).

Given a sprinkler system configuration and each well’s corresponding flow rate (in gallons/minute),
your program should determine, for different valve settings, the output flow rates that are being delivered
to each sprinkler systems.
NOTE: You should program for generality (i.e., do not make any assumptions concerning the number
of water wells, flow valve settings, or sprinkler heads. Also do not make assumptions about the names
of the components).



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 479 – Irrigation Flow Rates 2/4

## Input
The input file will consist of multiple data sets; each data set is terminated by an asterisk (*) on a line
by itself. Each data set will consist of an irrigation network description (see table 1) followed by one or
more flow valve setting records (see table 2). Each flow valve setting record consists of a sequence of L’s
and R’s, one for each valve described in the irrigation network description. The datasets are separated
by lines containing only an asterisk (*) in column one.

End of data is marked by a terminal record containing the values of 9999 for #ofWells, #ofSprinklers,
and #ofValves.

Record # Data Items
1 #ofWells #ofSprinklers #ofValves
2 Well1FlowRate Well2FlowRate . . .
3 WellName1 DestinationName1
. . . . . . . . .
#ofWells+2 WellNamei DestinationNamei
#ofWells+3 SprinklerName1
. . . . . .
#ofWells+j+3 SprinklerNamej
#ofWells+j+4 ValveName1 LeftDestinationName RightDestinationName
. . . . . . . . . . . .
k ValveNamem LeftDestinationName RightDestinationName

Table 1: Input (in table form) for Irrigation Network Description

Record # Data Items
k + 1 Valve1Setting Valve2Setting . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . .
n *

Table 2: Input (in table form) for Valve Settings

## Output
For each set of valve settings of each irrigation network, your program should output a message of the
following form:
Sprinkler #i flow is n gallons/min

Label the output for each irrigation network according to the order in which it was inputted (see
the example below). Label the outputs for the valve settings in the order in which they were read in
for each irrigation network.

See the example for the exact format of the output headings and spacing.

## Sample Input
<p>3 3 7</p><p>200 40 73</p><p>W1 V1</p><p>W2 V2</p><p>W3 V3</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 479 – Irrigation Flow Rates 3/4</p><p></p><p>S1</p><p>S2</p><p>S3</p><p>V1 S1 V4</p><p>V2 V4 V5</p><p>V3 V5 V7</p><p>V4 S1 V6</p><p>V5 V6 V7</p><p>V6 S1 V7</p><p>V7 S2 S3</p><p>R L R L R L R</p><p>L R L R L R L</p><p>*</p><p>2 4 5</p><p>100 200</p><p>WELL1 VALVE1</p><p>WELL2 VALVE2</p><p>SPR1</p><p>SPR2</p><p>SPR3</p><p>SPR4</p><p>VALVE1 VALVE3 VALVE4</p><p>VALVE2 VALVE4 VALVE5</p><p>VALVE3 SPR1 SPR2</p><p>VALVE4 SPR2 SPR3</p><p>VALVE5 SPR3 SPR4</p><p>R L R L R</p><p>L L L R L</p><p>L R L R L</p><p>*</p><p>9999 9999 9999</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Irrigation network #1</p><p>Valve settings #1</p><p>Sprinkler #1 flow is 240 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #2 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #3 flow is 73 gallons/min</p><p>Valve settings #2</p><p>Sprinkler #1 flow is 200 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #2 flow is 113 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #3 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Irrigation network #2</p><p>Valve settings #1</p><p>Sprinkler #1 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #2 flow is 300 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #3 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #4 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Valve settings #2</p><p>Sprinkler #1 flow is 100 gallons/min</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 479 – Irrigation Flow Rates 4/4</p><p></p><p>Sprinkler #2 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #3 flow is 200 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #4 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Valve settings #3</p><p>Sprinkler #1 flow is 100 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #2 flow is 0 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #3 flow is 200 gallons/min</p><p>Sprinkler #4 flow is 0 gallons/min</p>