---
title: Uva 00345  It’s Ir-Resist-Able!
---

345 It’s Ir-Resist-Able!
A common component in electronic circuits is the resistor. Each resistor has two terminals, and when
current flows through a resistor, some of it is converted to heat, thus “resisting”; the flow of the
current. The extent to which it does this is indicated by a single positive numeric value, cleverly called
the resistance of the resistor. By the way, the units of resistance are Ohms. Here’s what a single resistor
looks like in a diagram of an electronic circuit:

When two resistors are connected in series, as shown below, then their equivalent resistance is just
the sum of the resistances of the individual resistors. For example, if the two resistors below had
resistances of 100 and 200 Ohms, respectively, then the combined resistance (from point A to point B)
would be 300 Ohms. Of course, combining three or more resistors in series would yield a resistance
equal to sum of all the individual resistances.

Resistors may also be connected in parallel, like this:

If these two resistors had resistances of 100 and 150 Ohms, then the parallel combination would
yield an equivalent resistance between points A and B of

1
1

100
+ 1

150

=
1

3
300

+ 2
300

=
1
5

300

=
300

5
= 60 Ohms.

Connecting three resistors in parallel uses the same rule, so a 100 Ohm, 150 Ohm, and 300 Ohm
resistor in parallel would yield a combined resistance of just 50 Ohms: that is,

1
1

100
+ 1

150
+ 1

300

Ohms.

In this problem you’re provided one or more descriptions of resistors and their interconnections. Each
possible interconnection point (the terminals of a resistor) is identified by a unique positive integer, its
label. And each resistor is specified by giving its two interconnection point labels and its resistance (as
a real number).

For example, the input



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 345 – It’s Ir-Resist-Able! 2/3

1 2 100

would tell us that a 100 Ohm resistor was connected between points 1 and 2. A pair of resistors
connected in series might be specified like this:

1 2 100
2 3 200

Here we’ve got our 100 Ohm resistor connected at points 1 and 2, and another 200 Ohm resistor
connected to points 2 and 3. Two resistors in parallel would be similarly specified:

1 2 100
1 2 150

Once you know how the resistors are interconnected, and the resistance of each resistor, it’s possible
to determine the equivalent resistance between any two points using the simple rules given above. In
some cases, that is. Some interconnections of resistors can’t be solved using this approach: you won’t
encounter any of these in this problem, however.

Notes:

1. Be aware that there may be input test cases with some resistors that don’t contribute to the overall
resistance between the indicated points. For example, in the last case shown in the Sample Input
section below, the resistor between points 1 and 2 is unused. There must be some flow through a
resistor if it is to contribute to the overall resistance.

2. No resistor will have its ends connected together. That is, the labels associated with the ends of
a resistor will always be distinct.

## Input
There will be one or more cases to consider. Each will begin with a line containing three integers N ,
A, and B. A and B indicate the labels of points between which you are to determine the equivalent
resistance. N is the number of individual resistors, and will be no larger than 30. N , A and B will all
be zero in the line following the last case. Following each ‘N A B’ line will be N lines, each specifying
the labels of the points where a resistor is connected, and the resistance of that resistor, given as a real
number.

## Output
For each input case, display a line that includes the case number (they are numbered sequentially
starting with 1) and the equivalent resistance, accurate to two decimal places.

## Sample Input
<p>2 1 3</p><p>1 2 100</p><p>2 3 200</p><p>2 1 2</p><p>1 2 100</p><p>1 2 150</p><p>6 1 6</p><p>1 2 500</p><p>1 3 15</p><p>3 4 40</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 345 – It’s Ir-Resist-Able! 3/3</p><p></p><p>3 5 100</p><p>4 6 60</p><p>5 6 50</p><p>0 0 0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: 300.00 Ohms</p><p>Case 2: 60.00 Ohms</p><p>Case 3: 75.00 Ohms</p>