---
title: Uva 10227  Forests
---

10227 Forests
If a tree falls in the forest, and there’s no-
body there to hear, does it make a sound?
This classic conundrum was coined by
George Berkeley (1685-1753), the Bishop
and influential Irish philosopher whose
primary philosophical achievement is the
advancement of what has come to be
called subjective idealism. He wrote a
number of works, of which the most
widely-read are Treatise Concerning the
Principles of Human Knowledge (1710)
and Three Dialogues between Hylas and
Philonous (1713) (Philonous, the “lover
of the mind”, representing Berkeley him-
self).

A forest contains T trees numbered
from 1 to T and P people numbered from 1 to P .

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number
of the cases following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank
line, and there is also a blank line between two consecutive inputs.

Standard input consists of a line containing P and T followed by several lines, containing a pair of
integers i and j, indicating that person i has heard tree j fall. People may have different opinions as
to which trees, according to Berkeley, have made a sound.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

How many different opinions are represented in the input? Two people hold the same opinion only
if they hear exactly the same set of trees. You may assume that P < 100 and T < 100.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>3 4</p><p>1 2</p><p>3 3</p><p>1 3</p><p>2 2</p><p>3 2</p><p>2 4</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10227 – Forests 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>2</p>