---
title: Uva 00553  Simply proportion
---

553 Simply proportion
Wou will probably have made a document on a word processor. When the job was done and you
wanted to print that document you sometimes have the option to print the document with proportional
spacing. This means that gaps between letters and words are filled with very small spaces (as small as
your printer can handle) in such a way that you do not see a ragged appearance of a line but instead
the line is left and right justified on your printout. This could also be done by filling each line with
normal spaces, but this usually produces big gaps between words. In the following we call these small
spaces dots.

In the exercise you are asked to produce an algorithm that fills lines with dots in such a manner
that the line has a certain length (measured in dots). We will provide you with lines which contain
spaces and certain letters. Each character has a width that can be measured in dots. In order to keep
this exercise simple we will only use a subset of letters. These letters are the following:

Character Width
A 18
B 17
I 10
M 20
S 16
Y 13

‘space’ Variable

The minimum number of dots between letters in a word is 3. The number of dots that separates
letters in a word is given by the greatest possible number that is equal to or smaller than 1/3 of the
minimum number of dots that separate words (rounded down to the nearest integer). The minimum
number of dots for a single space is 10(there is no upper limit for the number of dots in a space).

Note: the begin and end of a line may not contain (empty) dots.

It can (and according to Murphy’s law it will) happen that you are left with a number of dots that
can’t be equally divided in the gaps between letters or words. These leftovers must be equally divided
over the spaces between the words beginning from the end of the line.

## Input
The input for your program is a text-file. Each input consists of two lines. On the first line there is
an integer (say N) that tells you the desired length of the line (measured in dots) that will be your
output. This integer has a maximum value of 5000. The second line consists of the input that you have
to reformat to the desired length (each word is separated from the other by one space). Each line has
at least two words on it and the maximum number of characters on this line is 80. There are no spaces
after the last word. It is given that it is possible to fill the given line with dots so that the resulting
line has a length of N dots. The last two lines of the input are given by:

0
SYMIBA

Your program must not perform any action on this last input, it is simply there to mark the end of
the input.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 553 – Simply proportion 2/2

## Output
Your program must convert the given line to the desired length (N dots). The output is a text-file.
Each line corresponds to the second line of each input pair with the number of dots between the letters
and words. The spaces between letters and words are denoted in a special manner. If there are 3 dots
between the letters A and B this is denoted by A/(3)B in your output. Your output may not contain
any spaces, all these spaces must be converted to dots.

## Sample Input
<p>250</p><p>AIM SSY ABABA</p><p>200</p><p>SSSS AAAA</p><p>130</p><p>AA B AA</p><p>0</p><p>SYMIBA</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>A/(4)I/(4)M/(18)S/(4)S/(4)Y/(19)A/(4)B/(4)A/(4)B/(4)A</p><p>S/(7)S/(7)S/(7)S/(22)A/(7)A/(7)A/(7)A</p><p>A/(5)A/(15)B/(16)A/(5)A</p>