---
title: Uva 01115  Water Shortage
---

1115 Water Shortage
During the next century certain regions on earth will experience severe water shortages. The old town
of Uqbar has already started to prepare itself for the worst. Recently they created a network of pipes
connecting the cisterns that distribute water in each neighborhood, making it easier to fill them at once
from a single source of water. But, in case of water shortage, the cisterns above a certain level will be
empty since the water will flow to the cisterns bellow.

You have been asked to write a program to compute the level to which cisterns will be filled with a
certain volume of water, given the dimensions and position of each cistern. To simplify we will neglect
the volume of water in the pipes.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

As input you receive the number of cisterns, followed by one line per cistern with 4 floating point
values: its base level, height, width and depth in meters. The last input line gives you the volume in
cubic meters to be injected into the network.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

Your program must output the level that the water will reach, in meters, truncated to two fractional
digits. If the volume of water exceeds the total capacity of the cisterns then your program must write
‘OVERFLOW’.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1115 – Water Shortage 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>4</p><p>11.0 7.0 5.0 1.0</p><p>15.0 6.0 4.0 1.0</p><p>5.0 8.0 5.0 1.0</p><p></p><p>19.0 4.0 8.0 1.0</p><p>78.0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>17.00</p>