---
title: Uva 00209  Triangular Vertices
---

209 Triangular Vertices
Consider the points on an infinite grid of equilateral
triangles as shown on the right:

Note that if we number the points from left to
right and top to bottom, then groups of these points
form the vertices of certain geometric shapes. For
example, the sets of points {1,2,3} and {7,9,18} are
the vertices of triangles, the sets {11,13,26,24} and
{2,7,9,18} are the vertices of parallelograms, and the
sets {4,5,9,13,12,7} and {8,10,17,21,32,34} are the
vertices of hexagons.

Write a program which will repeatedly accept a
set of points on this triangular grid, analyze it, and
determine whether the points are the vertices of one
of the following “acceptable” figures: triangle, par-
allelogram, or hexagon. In order for a figure to be
acceptable, it must meet the following two conditions:

1) Each side of the figure must coincide with an edge in the grid.
and 2) All sides of the figure must be of the same length.

## Input
The input will consist of an unknown number of point
sets. Each point set will appear on a separate line in the file. There are at most six points in a set and
the points are limited to the range 1..32767.

## Output
For each point set in the input file, your program should deduce from the number of points in the set
which geometric figure the set potentially represents; e.g., six points can only represent a hexagon, etc.
The output must be a series of lines listing each point set followed by the results of your analysis.

## Sample Input
<p>1 2 3</p><p>11 13 29 31</p><p>26 11 13 24</p><p>4 5 9 13 12 7</p><p>1 2 3 4 5</p><p>47</p><p>11 13 23 25</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1 2 3 are the vertices of a triangle</p><p>11 13 29 31 are not the vertices of an acceptable figure</p><p>26 11 13 24 are the vertices of a parallelogram</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 209 – Triangular Vertices 2/2</p><p></p><p>4 5 9 13 12 7 are the vertices of a hexagon</p><p>1 2 3 4 5 are not the vertices of an acceptable figure</p><p>47 are not the vertices of an acceptable figure</p><p>11 13 23 25 are not the vertices of an acceptable figure</p>