---
title: Uva 10504  Hidden squares
---

10504 Hidden squares
The typical Hidden words game can be modified to generate other problems. In particular, geometric
figures can be found in them.

Given n rows and columns of capital letters, and a capital letter, we want to count the number of
squares in the grid with vertices in positions in the grid where that letter appears.

## Input
The input will consist of a series of problems, with each problem in a series of lines. In the first line the
dimension of the grid (n) is indicated, in the second line appears the number of letters (m) for which
we want to calculate the number of squares, and in consecutive lines the n rows of letters, each row in
a line, and without separation between letters in the same row. When the input of a problem finishes
the next problem begins in the next line. The input finishes when ‘0’ appears as the dimension of the
grid. The number of rows of each grid is less than or equal to 100.

## Output
The solutions of the different problems are separated by a blank line. For each problem in the input
and each letter in the input of the problem a line is written with the letter and the number of squares
for this letter, separated by a space. For example, in the grid

AAA
AAA
BAB

the squares with vertices in ‘A’ are:

AA- -AA -A-
AA- -AA A-A
--- --- -A-

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>2</p><p>AAA</p><p>AAA</p><p>BAB</p><p>A</p><p>B</p><p>4</p><p>2</p><p>ABBA</p><p>BBBB</p><p>ABBB</p><p>ABBA</p><p>A</p><p>B</p><p>0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10504 – Hidden squares 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>A 3</p><p>B 0</p><p></p><p>A 1</p><p>B 8</p>