---
title: Uva 10869  Brownie Points II
---

10869 Brownie Points II
Stan and Ollie play the game of Odd
Brownie Points. Some brownie points
are located in the plane, at integer co-
ordinates. Stan plays first and places
a vertical line in the plane. The line
must go through a brownie point and
may cross many (with the same x-
coordinate). Then Ollie places a horizon-
tal line that must cross a brownie point
already crossed by the vertical line.

Those lines divide the plane into four
quadrants. The quadrant containing
points with arbitrarily large positive co-
ordinates is the top-right quadrant.

The players score according to the
number of brownie points in the quadrants. If a brownie point is crossed by a line, it doesn’t count.
Stan gets a point for each (uncrossed) brownie point in the top-right and bottom-left quadrants. Ollie
gets a point for each (uncrossed) brownie point in the top-left and bottom-right quadrants.

Stan and Ollie each try to maximize his own score. When Stan plays, he considers the responses,
and chooses a line which maximizes his smallest-possible score.

## Input
Input contains a number of test cases. The data of each test case appear on a sequence of input lines.
The first line of each test case contains a positive odd integer 1 < n < 200000 which is the number of
brownie points. Each of the following n lines contains two integers, the horizontal (x) and vertical (y)
coordinates of a brownie point. No two brownie points occupy the same place. The input ends with a
line containing ‘0 (instead of the n of a test).

## Output
For each input test, print a line of output in the format shown below. The first number is the largest
score which Stan can assure for himself. The remaining numbers are the possible (high) scores of Ollie,
in increasing order.

## Sample Input
<p>11</p><p>3 2</p><p>3 3</p><p>3 4</p><p>3 6</p><p>2 -2</p><p>1 -3</p><p>0 0</p><p>-3 -3</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10869 – Brownie Points II 2/2</p><p></p><p>-3 -2</p><p>-3 -4</p><p>3 -7</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Stan: 7; Ollie: 2 3;</p>