---
title: Uva 00966  Lost Inheritances
---

966 Lost Inheritances

You were put in charge of the tax collection bureau of a small country. One of the major sources of
income for your country’s government is the money received by the state when persons without heirs
die. However, you suspect some of the tax officers have been embezzling part of this money. Since
embezzlement is a very serious offence, you do not wish to pursue the matter without further proof.

As such, you decide to write a computer program to calculate how much should have been received
during the recent past, in order to compare it with what was actually collected.

The inheritance laws work as follows:

• Should the deceased have a living spouse and descendants, half of his fortune goes to the spouse
and the other half goes to their descendants.

• Should there be no living spouse, the money is shared among the descendants. Should there be
no living descendants, all the money goes to the living spouse. Should there be no living spouse
nor descendants (nor descendents’ spouses), the money reverts to the state.

• The money is divided among living descendents by assigning each branch with living descendents
(or descendents’ spouses) an equal share. Should the closest descendent still be alive the money
goes to him/her, otherwise it is shared as if he/she had just died.

• The state only considers a marriage official when a children is born. Marriages are monogamous
and there are no divorces.

• All divisions are made using integer arithmetic. Remainders are lost.

Consider the following example (input 1): 1 and 2 had three children: 3, 4 and 5. 4 had a child, 7,
but the other parent is unknown. 5 married 6 and had a child: 8.

Later, 1 died and all his money was shared among 2 (1/2), 3, 4 and 5 (1/6 each). Then 5 died
leaving his money to be equally divided among 6 and 8. Afterwards, 4 passed away, leaving 7 as the
sole heir. At the dead of 3, the state collects his fortune. Later, 2 dies, leaving her money to 7 (1/2), 6
(1/4) and 8 (1/4). When 6 dies, all the money goes to 8. 7 and 8 have no heirs, at their death, their
fortunes will go to the state.

Each person manages to save a certain amount of money each year. When they die, their fortune
is comprised of this amount, multiplied by their age, along with the money they have inherited.

## Input

The input will contain several test cases, each of them as described below. Consecutive
test cases are separated by a single blank line.

Your program will receive 2 +N lines. The first line contains a single integer, with a date (a year).
The second contains the number of citizens (N) which will follow. Each of the N following lines will
contain 5 integers, separated by spaces, describing a citizen, who will be identified by an integer. The
first citizen will be number 1, the last number N .

Each citizen line has his birth year, death year, father identifier, mother identifier (1 to N) and
annual savings, in this order. Citizens whose parents are unknown will have a zero in the mother or
father fields. To prevent ambiguity, there will only be one death per year.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 966 – Lost Inheritances 2/2

## Output

For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

The output consists of 2+M lines. The first line contains an integer, representing the total amount
of money collected by the state from the beginning of time up to the provided date (inclusive). The
second line will indicate the number of living citizens after that date (M). Each of the following M lines
will show two integers separated by a space: the citizen identifier, the amount of money he possesses
(at the date).

The M lines are sorted in ascending order by citizen identifier.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>2100</p><p></p><p>8</p><p></p><p>1900 1950 0 0 1</p><p></p><p>1910 2000 0 0 2</p><p></p><p>1940 1992 1 2 10</p><p></p><p>1940 1990 1 2 2</p><p></p><p>1944 1981 1 2 1</p><p></p><p>1946 2020 0 0 0</p><p></p><p>1962 2030 4 0 5</p><p></p><p>1980 2040 5 6 5</p><p></p><p>2040</p><p></p><p>4</p><p></p><p>1950 2010 0 0 1000</p><p></p><p>1970 2040 1 0 500</p><p></p><p>1990 2030 2 0 1500</p><p></p><p>2020 2050 3 0 2000</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>1524</p><p></p><p>0</p><p></p><p>0</p><p></p><p>1</p><p></p><p>4 195000</p>