---
title: Uva 12113  Overlapping Squares
---

12113 Overlapping Squares

Fig 1. Placing four filled squares in
an empty 4× 4 grid.

In most puzzles we are given some pieces and we have to make a
target pattern which can be built in only one possible way. But
some puzzles are a bit different, we are given a target pattern and
from that target pattern we have to find in how many ways the
pieces can be placed. Such a puzzle is the puzzle of overlapping
squares. To understand this puzzle, look at the pictures below:

In first figure we have placed a (2×2) filled square in a (4×4)
grid. In the second figure we have placed another (2 × 2) filled
square in the grid, which have of course deleted some part of the
black lines of the previous square, in third picture we have placed
a third square and in the fourth picture we have placed a fourth
square. The picture can become even more complex if we place
more (2× 2) squares.

Write a program to determine if it’s possible to form a target
image using between 1 and 6 pieces (inclusive) of 2× 2 squares.

## Input
The input consists of several test cases. Each test case is contained in five lines and each line contains
nine characters. If the horizontal border of a filled square is visible it is denoted with ‘_’ (ASCII value
95) sign and if vertical border of a filled square is visible then it is denoted with ‘|’ (ASCII value 124)
character. The board contains no other character than ‘_’, ‘|’ and of course ‘ ’ (ASCII Value 32). The
border lines of the squares can only be along the grid lines. Each board lines end with a ‘#’ (Hash
character) which denotes the end of line. This character is not a part of the grid or square. The last
test case is followed by a single zero, which should not be processed.

## Output
For each test case, print the case number and ‘Yes’ or ‘No’, depending on whether it’s possible to form
the target.

## Sample Input
<p>#</p><p></p><p>_ _ _ #</p><p>| |_ _| #</p><p>|_| | #</p><p></p><p>|_ _| #</p><p>#</p><p></p><p>_ _ #</p><p>| | #</p><p>|_ _| #</p><p></p><p>#</p><p>_ _ _ _ #</p><p></p><p>|_|_|_|_|#</p><p>|_|_|_|_|#</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 12113 – Overlapping Squares 2/2</p><p></p><p>|_|_|_|_|#</p><p>|_|_|_|_|#</p><p></p><p>_ _ #</p><p>_| |_ #</p><p></p><p>| |_ _| |#</p><p>|_| |_|#</p><p></p><p>|_ _|_|#</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: Yes</p><p>Case 2: Yes</p><p>Case 3: No</p><p>Case 4: Yes</p>