---
title: Uva 00347  Run, Run, Runaround Numbers
---

347 Run, Run, Runaround Numbers
An N -digit runaround number is characterized as follows:

• It is an integer with exactly N digits, each of which is between 1 and 9, inclusively.

• The digits form a sequence with each digit telling where the next digit in the sequence occurs.
This is done by giving the number of digits to the right of the digit where the next digit in
the sequence occurs. If necessary, counting wraps around from the rightmost digit back to the
leftmost.

• The leftmost digit in the number is the first digit in the sequence, and the sequence must return
to this digit after all digits in the number have been used exactly once.

• No digit will appear more than once in the number.

For example, consider the number 81362. To verify that this is a runaround number, we use the
steps shown below:

1. Start with the leftmost digit, 8: 8 1 3 6 2

2. Count 8 digits to the right, ending on 6 (note the wraparound): 8 1 3 6 2

3. Count 6 digits to the right, ending on 2: 8 1 3 6 2

4. Count 2 digits to the right, ending on 1: 8 1 3 6 2

5. Count 1 digit to the right, ending on 3: 8 1 3 6 2

6. Count 3 digits to the right, ending on 8 (where we began): 8 1 3 6 2

## Input
In this problem you will be provided with one or more input lines, each with a single integer R having
between 2 and 7 digits followed immediately by the end of line. The last line of the input will contain
only the digit ‘0’ in column 1.

## Output
For each such number, but the final ‘0’, determine the smallest runaround number that is equal to
or greater than R. There will always be such a number for each of the input numbers. Display the
resulting number in the format illustrated below.

## Sample Input
<p>12</p><p>123</p><p>1234</p><p>81111</p><p>82222</p><p>83333</p><p>911111</p><p>7654321</p><p>0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 347 – Run, Run, Runaround Numbers 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: 13</p><p>Case 2: 147</p><p>Case 3: 1263</p><p>Case 4: 81236</p><p>Case 5: 83491</p><p>Case 6: 83491</p><p>Case 7: 913425</p><p>Case 8: 8124956</p>