---
title: Uva 00218  Moth Eradication
---

218 Moth Eradication
Entomologists in the Northeast have set out traps to determine the influx of Jolliet moths into the area.
They plan to study eradication programs that have some potential to control the spread of the moth
population.

The study calls for organizing the traps in which moths have been caught into compact regions,
which will then be used to test each eradication program. A region is defined as the polygon with
the minimum length perimeter that can enclose all traps within that region. For example, the traps
(represented by dots) of a particular region and its associated polygon are illustrated below.

You must write a program that can take as input the locations of traps in a region and output the
locations of traps that lie on the perimeter of the region as well as the length of the perimeter.

## Input
The input file will contain records of data for several regions. The first line of each record contains the
number (an integer) of traps for that region. Subsequent lines of the record contain 2 real numbers that
are the x- and y-coordinates of the trap locations. Data within a single record will not be duplicated.
End of input is indicated by a region with 0 traps.

## Output
Output for a single region is displayed on at least 3 lines:

First line: The number of the region. (The first record corresponds to Region #1, the
second to Region #2, etc.)

Next line(s): A listing of all the points that appear on the perimeter of the region. The
points must be identified in the standard form “(x-coordinate,y-coordinate)”
rounded to a single decimal place. The starting point for this listing is ir-
relevant, but the listing must be oriented clockwise and begin and end with
the same point. For collinear points, any order which describes the minimum
length perimeter is acceptable.

Last line: The length of the perimeter of the region rounded to 2 decimal places.
One blank line must separate output from consecutive input records.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 218 – Moth Eradication 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>1 2</p><p>4 10</p><p>5 12.3</p><p>6</p><p>0 0</p><p>1 1</p><p>3.1 1.3</p><p>3 4.5</p><p>6 2.1</p><p>2 -3.2</p><p>7</p><p>1 0.5</p><p>5 0</p><p>4 1.5</p><p>3 -0.2</p><p>2.5 -1.5</p><p>0 0</p><p>2 2</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Region #1:</p><p>(1.0,2.0)-(4.0,10.0)-(5.0,12.3)-(1.0,2.0)</p><p>Perimeter length = 22.10</p><p></p><p>Region #2:</p><p>(0.0,0.0)-(3.0,4.5)-(6.0,2.1)-(2.0,-3.2)-(0.0,0.0)</p><p>Perimeter length = 19.66</p><p></p><p>Region #3:</p><p>(0.0,0.0)-(2.0,2.0)-(4.0,1.5)-(5.0,0.0)-(2.5,-1.5)-(0.0,0.0)</p><p>Perimeter length = 12.52</p>