---
title: Uva 00877  Offset Polygons
---

877 Offset Polygons

Figure 1 - An exterior offset polygon
obtained with an offset value of 1.

One very common geometrical operation in polygon ma-
nipulation is finding offset polygons. An offset polygon is
obtained by tracing lines, parallel to the original polygon
edges, maintaining a given offset distance from them. Here,
we are only interested in exterior offset polygons like the one
shown in Figure 1, printed in dotted lines. In these circum-
stances, the offset polygon can be found “to the left” of each
original edge, when circulating in the clockwise direction.

Given an offset value and a sequence of vertices coor-
dinates defining a clockwise closed polygon, the problem is
to obtain the correspondent exterior offset polygon. The
result must be given as a sequence of vertices coordinates,
also in the clockwise direction. To simplify the problem,
the original polygon is guaranteed to be closed, convex,
and limited to 8 vertices. Two consecutive edges are never
collinear.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The first line of the input contains the offset value (float format). The second line contains the
number of vertices of the original polygon N (integer format). Each one of the following N lines
contains two float values, separated by one or more spaces, representing the X and Y coordinates of a
vertex. The sequence of vertices is guaranteed to be in the clockwise direction.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

The output must follow the input format (except for the offset value) to represent the exterior offset
polygon. The first vertex listed must correspond to the first vertex given.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>1.0</p><p>5</p><p>10.0 5.0</p><p>10.0 3.0</p><p>3.0 3.0</p><p>3.0 6.0</p><p>5.0 8.0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 877 – Offset Polygons 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>5</p><p>11.000 5.566</p><p>11.000 2.000</p><p>2.000 2.000</p><p>2.000 6.414</p><p>4.845 9.259</p>