---
title: Uva 00330  Inventory Maintenance
---

330 Inventory Maintenance
Madam Phoenix is moving to the southwest to open a “Fun In The Sun” store selling sunglasses,
sunscreen, and other such items. She’s decided to employ you to write an inventory program for her
new store. Here’s how it will work.

Each “activity” your program is to process will appear as a separate line in the input file. The end
of the input is marked by a line containing an asterisk in column one; no other activity lines will be
so marked. Activity lines begin with a lower-case keyword identifying the action to be performed. The
names of the items in her inventory are case sensitive, and each contains no more than ten non-blank
characters. All fields in the activity lines are separated by blanks, and Madam Phoenix guarantees you
that there will be no errors in the input. Here are the various types of activity lines your program is to
process.

new item-name item-cost item-selling-price
This line adds a new item (not previously carried in the store) to the potential inventory. The
item-cost and item-selling-price are given as normal dollar amounts, without the dollar sign.
That is, they will contain one or more decimal digits, a decimal point, and two more decimal
digits. Note that this activity line doesn’t actually result in a change in the inventory, but is used
in anticipation of adding units of the new item to the store’s offerings. item-cost is what Madam
Phoenix pays for each unit of the item, and item-selling-price is the price for which she sells
the item. There will be no more than 100 total item-names ever included in the list of items.
item-cost and item-selling-price will never be larger than 100.00.

delete item-name
If an item isn’t selling well, Madam Phoenix can remove it from the inventory by including this
line in the program input. All units of item-name in the inventory are written off as a loss.

buy item-name quantity
When Madam Phoenix buys some units (at the unit-cost, previously indicated) of an item-
name to offer for sale, she’ll indicate that with one of these lines in the pregrain input. quantity
indicates the number of units she purchased. The quantity she purchases will never be larger than
5000 at a time, but the number of units in the inventory may be as large as 10,000.

sell item-name quantity
When one or more units of an item are sold, that fact is recorded by placing one of these lines
in the input. quantity indicates the number of units sold (at the item-selling-price previously
indicated). Obviously, the quantity sold cannot exceed the number of items in stock.

report
This line in the input requests a report. This is the only input line for which output is expected.
Your program will display columns, with suitable headings, showing item-name, the buying price,
the selling price, the number of units in the inventory, and the value of the units in the inventory
(that is, the product of the number of units in the inventory and the buying price). The lines in
the report should be sorted in alphabetical order on item name. Following the last item the total
value of all units in the inventory should be displayed. Then finally, a line should appear showing
the total profit since the last report was issued. Profit is defined as total sales, less the cost of the
items sold, less the cost of items written off (by the ‘delete’ activity).



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 330 – Inventory Maintenance 2/3

Print a blank line after every report.
The sample output shown illustrates the desired format for the report. All numbers in the report
must naturally be exact.

## Sample Input
<p>new Shade01 0.50 3.79</p><p>new Towel01 1.47 6.98</p><p>new Shade02 0.63 4.29</p><p>new BluBlock 1.00 4.98</p><p>buy BluBlock 100</p><p>sell BluBlock 2</p><p>buy Towel01 500</p><p>buy Shade01 100</p><p>buy Shade02 100</p><p>sell Towel01 1</p><p>sell Towel01 1</p><p>sell BluBlock 2</p><p>report</p><p>delete Shade01</p><p>sell BluBlock 5</p><p>new Shade03 0.51 1.98</p><p>buy Shade03 250</p><p>sell Towel01 5</p><p>sell Shade03 4</p><p>sell Shade02 10</p><p>report</p><p>*</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>INVENTORY REPORT</p><p></p><p>Item Name Buy At Sell At On Hand Value</p><p>--------- ------ ------- ------- -----</p><p>BluBlock 1.00 4.98 96 96.00</p><p>Shade01 0.50 3.79 100 50.00</p><p>Shade02 0.63 4.29 100 63.00</p><p>Towel01 1.47 6.98 498 732.06</p><p>------------------------</p><p>Total value of inventory 941.06</p><p>Profit since last report 26.94</p><p></p><p>INVENTORY REPORT</p><p>Item Name Buy At Sell At On Hand Value</p><p>--------- ------ ------- ------- -----</p><p>BluBlock 1.00 4.98 91 91.00</p><p>Shade02 0.63 4.29 90 56.70</p><p>Shade03 0.51 1.98 246 125.46</p><p>Towel01 1.47 6.98 493 724.71</p><p>------------------------</p><p>Total value of inventory 997.87</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 330 – Inventory Maintenance 3/3</p><p></p><p>Profit since last report 39.93</p>