---
title: Uva 10550  Combination Lock
---

10550 Combination Lock
Now that you’re back to school for another term, you need to
remember how to work the combination lock on your locker. A
common design is that of the Master Brand, shown at right. The
lock has a dial with 40 calibration marks numbered 0 to 39. A
combination consists of 3 of these numbers; for example: 15-25-8.
To open the lock, the following steps are taken:

• turn the dial clockwise 2 full turns

• stop at the first number of the combination

• turn the dial counter-clockwise 1 full turn

• continue turning counter-clockwise until the 2nd number is
reached

• turn the dial clockwise again until the 3rd number is reached

• pull the shank and the lock will open.

Given the initial position of the dial and the combination for the lock, how many degrees is the dial
rotated in total (clockwise plus counter-clockwise) in opening the lock?

## Input

Input consists of several test cases. For each case there is a line of input containing 4 numbers between
0 and 39. The first number is the position of the dial. The next three numbers are the combination.
Consecutive numbers in the combination will be distinct. A line containing ‘0 0 0 0’ follows the last
case.

## Output

For each case, print a line with a single integer: the number of degrees that the dial must be turned to
open the lock.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>0 30 0 30</p><p>5 35 5 35</p><p>0 20 0 20</p><p>7 27 7 27</p><p>0 10 0 10</p><p>9 19 9 19</p><p>0 0 0 0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10550 – Combination Lock 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1350</p><p>1350</p><p>1620</p><p>1620</p><p>1890</p><p>1890</p>