---
title: Uva 01172  The Bridges of Kölsberg
---

1172 The Bridges of Kölsberg
King Beer has a very hard region to rule, consisting of lots of cities with very sectarian operating system
beliefs and high levels of trade. These cities are placed along a river, the Kölsberg, along its Northern
and Southern banks. The cities are economically separated from each other, since the river is wide and
dangerous.

A section of the Kölsberg showing some invalid bridges

King Beer would like to build some bridges connecting opposite banks of the river. He was strongly
advised against making bridges between cities with different operating systems beliefs (those guys really
hate each other). So, he is just going to build bridges between cities sharing the same operating system
belief (even if the resulting bridges are quite long and strangely shaped). However, it is technical
impossible to build bridges that cross other bridges.

The economical value of a bridge is the sum of the trade values the two cities it connects. The
King wants to maximize the sum of all possible bridge values while minimizing the number of bridges
to build.

Given two sets of cities, return the maximum possible sum of all bridge values and the smallest
number of valid bridges necessary to achieve it.

## Input
The first line is an integer with the number of samples. For each sample, the next line has a non-negative
integer, not greater than 1,000, indicating the number of cities on the Northern riverbank. Then, on
each line, comes the city information with the form

cityname ostype tradevalue

where, separated by empty spaces, thereare two strings, cityname and ostype, with no more than 10
characters each, and tradevalue which is a non-negative integer not greater than 106. The sequence
of lines represents the cities from left to right along the riverbank. Next, there is the same kind of
information to describe the Southern riverbank.

## Output
For each sample, a line consisting of the maximum possible sum of all bridge values, one empty space,
the number of bridges.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p>3</p><p>mordor Vista 1000000</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1172 – The Bridges of Kölsberg 2/2</p><p></p><p>xanadu Mac 1000</p><p>shangrila OS2 400</p><p>4</p><p>atlantis Mac 5000</p><p>hell Vista 1200</p><p>rivendell OS2 100</p><p>appleTree Mac 50</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1002250 2</p>