---
title: Uva 01123  Crazy Search
---

1123 Crazy Search

Many people like to solve hard puzzles some of which may lead them to madness. One such puzzle
could be finding a hidden prime number in a given text. Such number could be the number of different
substrings of a given size that exist in the text. As you soon will discover, you really need the help of
a computer and a good algorithm to solve such a puzzle.

Your task is to write a program that given the size, N , of the substring, the number of different
characters that may occur in the text, NC, and the text itself, determines the number of different
substrings of size N that appear in the text.

As an example, consider N = 3, NC = 4 and the text “daababac”. The different substrings of size
3 that can be found in this text are: “daa”; “aab”; “aba”; “bab”; “bac”. Therefore, the answer should
be 5.

## Input

The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The first line of input consists of two numbers, N and NC, separated by exactly one space. This
is followed by the text where the search takes place. You may assume that the maximum number of
substrings formed by the possible set of characters does not exceed 16 Millions.

## Output

For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

The program should output just an integer corresponding to the number of different substrings of
size N found in the given text.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>1</p><p></p><p>3 4</p><p></p><p>daababac</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>5</p>