---
title: Uva 00195  Anagram
---

195 Anagram
You are to write a program that has to generate all possible words from a given set of letters.

Example: Given the word “abc”, your program should — by exploring all different combination of
the three letters — output the words “abc”, “acb”, “bac”, “bca”, “cab” and “cba”.

In the word taken from the input file, some letters may appear more than once. For a given word,
your program should not produce the same word more than once, and the words should be output in
alphabetically ascending order.

## Input
The input file consists of several words. The first line contains a number giving the number of words to
follow. Each following line contains one word. A word consists of uppercase or lowercase letters from
‘A’ to ‘Z’. Uppercase and lowercase letters are to be considered different.

## Output
For each word in the input file, the output file should contain all different words that can be generated
with the letters of the given word. The words generated from the same input word should be output in
alphabetically ascending order. An upper case letter goes before the corresponding lower case letter.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>aAb</p><p>abc</p><p>acba</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Aab</p><p>Aba</p><p>aAb</p><p>abA</p><p>bAa</p><p>baA</p><p>abc</p><p>acb</p><p>bac</p><p>bca</p><p>cab</p><p>cba</p><p>aabc</p><p>aacb</p><p>abac</p><p>abca</p><p>acab</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 195 – Anagram 2/2</p><p></p><p>acba</p><p>baac</p><p>baca</p><p>bcaa</p><p>caab</p><p>caba</p><p>cbaa</p>