---
title: Uva 11037  Point of view in Flatland
---

11037 Point of view in Flatland
Everything is flat in Flatland. The planets are round
but they are flat, that is, they are discs in a plane.

The centers of three planets in Flatland are given
and their radii. Find the point in Flatland from which
all three planets are visible at the same angle, that is,
they appear to have the same size measured as angu-
lar diameter. Let’s call such a point an isoobservation
point. There can be at most two such points and we
are interested in finding the one that gives the largest
angular diameter of the planets.

## Input
Input consists of several cases, each case is presented
at a single line. Each line has nine numbers, three for
each disc. Each triple has x and y coordinates of the
disc center and the radius r of that disc. The input
is terminated by a line with nine zeros and this line
should not be processed.

## Output
For each case of input, print the x and y coordinates
of the isoobservation point as described above in the
format shown in the sample; but if there is no such
point, print ‘No solution’

Note: To simplify the problem you may assume that:

• The discs centers are not all collinear.

• The discs are totally disjoint.

• The discs are transparent and non-refractive. That is, a disc is visible and has the same apparent
shape and size, whether or not there’s another disc in front of it.

• The input data are such that the existence or non-existence of such a point is computable, even
with slight rounding error. But use double-precision, eh?

## Sample Input
<p>10 10 1 30 30 1 50 10 1</p><p>0 30 1.0 30 0 1.0 40 40 1.0</p><p>10 30 1.0 31 0 1.0 42 43 1.0</p><p>10 42 1 62.8 62.8 1 52.5 -25.3 1</p><p>10 42 1.1 62.8 62.8 1.2 52.5 25.3 25</p><p>0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11037 – Point of view in Flatland 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>30.00 10.00</p><p>23.00 23.00</p><p>31.58 22.76</p><p>49.27 19.73</p><p>No solution</p>