---
title: Uva 10224  Return of the Jedi
---

10224 Return of the Jedi
Luke Skywalker races through the forest on a speeder
bike, trying to outrun a patrol of Imperial scouts on
Endor. A small moon near a new Death Star, Endor
is covered by dense foliage and a thick forest of an-
cient towering trees. The speeder bike, which Luke
stole from an Imperial scout, is an antigravity vehicle
capable of speeds of 200 miles an hour. How quickly
can Luke reach Princess Leia in the Ewok village?

The forest is a plane with T trees. Luke’s position
is specified by a pair of coordinates (xluke, yluke) within the plane. The Ewok village has coordinates
(xewok, yewok). You are to find the shortest travel time from Luke’s position to the Ewok village.

## Input
The first line of input contains the number of test cases followed by a blank line.

The first line of each test case contains T , xluke, yluke, xewok, yewok. T lines follow; each gives the
coordinates and diameter of a tree: xtreei , ytreei , dtreei . T is an integer not exceeding 10; coordinates
and diameters are real numbers in miles. Trees do not intersect or touch one another.

There is a blank line between each consecutive test cases.

## Output
For each test case output is a single real number, to two decimal places, giving the minimum travel
time in seconds.

Print a blank line between 2 consecutive test cases.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>2 0.0 0.0 10.0 0.0</p><p>4.0 0.0 1.0</p><p>6.0 0.0 1.0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>181.13</p>