---
title: Uva 01604  Cubic Eight-Puzzle
---

1604 Cubic Eight-Puzzle

Let’s play a puzzle using eight cubes placed on a 3× 3 board leaving one empty square.
Faces of cubes are painted with three colors. As a puzzle step, you can roll one of the cubes to the

adjacent empty square. Your goal is to make the specified color pattern visible from above by a number
of such steps. The rules of this puzzle are as follows.

1. Coloring of Cubes: All the cubes are colored in the same way as shown in Figure 3. The
opposite faces have the same color.

Figure 3: Coloring of a cube

2. Initial Board State: Eight cubes are placed on the 3× 3 board leaving one empty square. All
the cubes have the same orientation as shown in Figure 4. As shown in the figure, squares on the
board are given x and y coordinates, (1, 1), (1, 2), . . . , and (3, 3). The position of the initially
empty square may vary.

Figure 4: Initial board state

3. Rolling Cubes: At each step, we can choose one of the cubes adjacent to the empty square and
roll it into the empty square, leaving the original position empty. Figure 5 shows an example.

Figure 5: Rolling a cube



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1604 – Cubic Eight-Puzzle 2/3

4. Goal: The goal of this puzzle is to arrange the cubes so that their top faces form the specified
color pattern by a number of cube rolling steps described above.

Your task is to write a program that finds the minimum number of steps required to make the
specified color pattern from the given initial state.

## Input

The input is a sequence of datasets. The end of the input is indicated by a line containing two zeros
separated by a space. The number of datasets is less than 16. Each dataset is formatted as follows.

x y
F11 F21 F31
F12 F22 F32
F13 F23 F33

The first line contains two integers x and y separated by a space, indicating the position (x, y) of
the initially empty square. The values of x and y are 1, 2, or 3.

The following three lines specify the color pattern to make. Each line contains three characters
F1j , F2j , and F3j , separated by a space. Character Fij indicates the top color of the cube, if any, at
position (i, j) as follows:

B: Blue,

W: White,

R: Red,

E: the square is Empty.

There is exactly one ‘E’ character in each dataset.

## Output

For each dataset, output the minimum number of steps to achieve the goal, when the goal can be
reached within 30 steps. Otherwise, output ‘-1’ for the dataset.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>1 2</p><p></p><p>W W W</p><p></p><p>E W W</p><p></p><p>W W W</p><p></p><p>2 1</p><p></p><p>R B W</p><p></p><p>R W W</p><p></p><p>E W W</p><p></p><p>3 3</p><p></p><p>W B W</p><p></p><p>B R E</p><p></p><p>R B R</p><p></p><p>3 3</p><p></p><p>B W R</p><p></p><p>B W R</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1604 – Cubic Eight-Puzzle 3/3</p><p></p><p>B E R</p><p></p><p>2 1</p><p></p><p>B B B</p><p></p><p>B R B</p><p></p><p>B R E</p><p></p><p>1 1</p><p></p><p>R R R</p><p></p><p>W W W</p><p></p><p>R R E</p><p></p><p>2 1</p><p></p><p>R R R</p><p></p><p>B W B</p><p></p><p>R R E</p><p></p><p>3 2</p><p></p><p>R R R</p><p></p><p>W E W</p><p></p><p>R R R</p><p></p><p>0 0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>0</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>13</p><p></p><p>23</p><p></p><p>29</p><p></p><p>30</p><p></p><p>-1</p><p></p><p>-1</p>