---
title: Uva 00654  Ratio
---

654 Ratio
If you ever see a televised report on stock market activity, you’ll hear the anchorperson say something
like “Gainers outnumbered losers 14 to 9,” which means that for every 14 stocks that increased in value
that day, approximately 9 other stocks declined in value. Often, as you hear that, you’ll see on the
screen something like this:

Gainers 1498
Losers 902

As a person with a head for numbers, you’ll notice that the anchorperson could have said “Gainers
outnumbered losers 5 to 3”, which is a more accurate approximation to what really happened. After all,
the exact ratio of winners to losers is (to the nearest millionth) 1.660754, and he reported a ratio of 14
to 9, which is 1.555555, for an error of 0.105199; he could have said “5 to 3”, and introduced an error of
only 1.666667-1.660754=0.005913. The estimate “5 to 3” is not as accurate as “1498 to 902” of course;
evidently, another goal is to use small integers to express the ratio. So, why did the anchorperson say
“14 to 9?” Because his algorithm is to lop off the last two digits of each number and use those as the
approximate ratio.

What the anchorman needs is a list of rational approximations of increasing accuracy, so that he
can pick one to read on the air. Specifically, he needs a sequence {a1, a2, . . . , an} where a1 is a rational
number with denominator 1 that most exactly matches the true ratio of winners to losers (rounding
up in case of ties), ai+1 is the rational number with least denominator that provides a more accurate
approximation than ai, and an is the exact ratio, expressed with the least possible denominator. Given
this sequence, the anchorperson can decide which ratio gives the best tradeoff between accuracy and
simplicity.

For example, if 5 stocks rose in price and 4 fell, the best approximation with denominator 1 is 1/1;
that is, for every stock that fell, about one rose. This answer differs from the exact answer by 0.25
(1.0 vs 1.25). The best approximations with two in the denominator are 2/2 and 3/2, but neither is
an improvement on the ratio 1/1, so neither would be considered. The best approximation with three
in the denominator 4/3, is more accurate than any seen so far, so it is one that should be reported.
Finally, of course, 5/4 is exactly the ratio, and so it is the last number reported in the sequence.

Can you automate this process and help the anchorpeople?

## Input
The input file contains several pairs of positive integers. Each pair is on a line by itself, beginning in
the first column and with a space between the two numbers. The first number of a pair is the number
of gaining stocks for the day, and the second number is the number of losing stocks for the day. The
total number of stocks never exceeds 5000.

## Output
For each input pair, the standard output should contain a series of approximations to the ratio of gainers
to losers. The first approximation has ‘1’ as denominator, and the last is exactly the ratio of gainers
to losers, expressed as a fraction with least possible denominator. The approximations in between are
increasingly accurate and have increasing denominators, as described above.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 654 – Ratio 2/2

The approximations for a pair are printed one to a line, beginning in column one, with the numerator
and denominator of an approximation separated by a slash ‘/’. A blank line separates one sequence of
approximations from another.

## Sample Input
<p>5 4</p><p>1498 902</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1/1</p><p>4/3</p><p>5/4</p><p></p><p>2/1</p><p>3/2</p><p>5/3</p><p>48/29</p><p>53/32</p><p>58/35</p><p>63/38</p><p>68/41</p><p>73/44</p><p>78/47</p><p>83/50</p><p>88/53</p><p>93/56</p><p>377/227</p><p>470/283</p><p>563/339</p><p>656/395</p><p>749/451</p>