---
title: Uva 00805  Polygon Intersections
---

805 Polygon Intersections
Most drawing or illustration programs have simple tools
for creating polygon objects. The better ones can find the
regions that are the intersections of two polygons. The
picture below shows two polygons, one is a pentagon and
the other is a triangle. Their intersection consists of the
two dark regions.

IBM has just hired you as a member of a program-
ming team that will create a very sophisticated draw-
ing/illustration program. Your task is to write the part
of the program that deals with polygon intersections. Your
boss has told you to delay work on the user interface and
focus only on the geometric representations of the intersections.

A polygon in the Cartesian plane can be represented by a sequence of points that are its vertices.
The vertices in the sequence appear in the order in which they are visited when traveling clockwise
around the polygon’s boundary; so any two adjacent vertices in the sequence are the endpoints of a
line segment that is one of the polygon’s sides. The last and the first vertices in the sequence are also
endpoints of a side. Vertices are identified by their x- and y- coordinates. Assume the following about
each polygon.

• No point will occur as a vertex (on the same polygon) more than once.

• Two sides can intersect only at a common endpoint (vertex).

• The angle between any two sides with a common vertex has a measure that is greater than 0 and
less than 360.

• The polygon has at least 3 vertices.

The intersection of two polygons consists of 0 or more connected regions. Your problem is to take
two polygons and determine the regions of their intersection that are polygons satisfying the criteria
above.

## Input
The input contains several data sets, each consisting of two polygons. Each polygon appears as a
sequence of numbers:
n x1 y1 x2 y2 . . . xn yn

where the integer n is the number of vertices of the polygon, and the real coordinates (x1, y1) through
(xn, yn) are the boundary vertices. The end of input is indicated by two 0’s for the values of n. These
two 0’s merely mark the end of data and should not be treated as an additional data set.

## Output
For each data set, your program should output its number (‘Data set 1’, ‘Data set 2’, etc.), and the
number of regions in the intersection of its two polygons. Label each region in the data set (‘Region
1’, ‘Region 2’, etc.) and list its vertices in the order they appear when they are visited going either
clockwise or counterclockwise around the boundary of the region. The first vertex printed should be



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 805 – Polygon Intersections 2/2

the vertex with the smallest x-coordinate (to break ties, use the smallest y-coordinate). No region may
include degenerate parts (consisting of adjacent sides whose angle of intersection is 0). If the three
endpoints of two adjacent sides are collinear, the two sides should be merged into a single side. Print
each vertex in the standard form (x, y), where x and y have two digits to the right of the decimal.

The following sample input contains exactly one data set. (The data set corresponds to the illus-
tration at the beginning of this problem description.)

## Sample Input
<p>3 2 1 0.5 3.5 8 5</p><p>5 1.5 3 2 7 6.5 6.5 6.5 3.25 4 4.5</p><p>0</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Data Set 1</p><p>Number of intersection regions: 2</p><p>Region 1:(1.50,3.00)(1.59,3.72)(3.25,4.05)</p><p>Region 2:(4.43,4.29)(6.50,4.70)(6.50,4.00)(5.86,3.57)</p>