---
title: Uva 10151  Spaghetti
---

10151 Spaghetti
Early languages like Fortran IV use conditional and unconditional goto statements instead of structured
statements like if and while. In Fortran IV, each statement occupies a line of input. The first five
positions in each line are reserved for an optional label, which is an integer. The next position is
reserved for a continuation marker, which we shall not consider further. Therefore, statements occupy
positions 7 and beyond in each input line. The goto statement looks like this

goto label

and the conditional goto statement looks like this

if(expression)goto label

The language contains many other statements, but only the conditional goto begins with ‘if(’ and
ends with ‘)goto label’ where label is an integer. All spaces are ignored within a Fortran IV statement.
For this problem, the ‘stop’ statement, which halts execution, appears only as the last line of the
program.

Your job is to determine whether or not two Fortran programs are equivalent. They are equivalent
if, for all possible inputs, they execute exactly the same sequence of statements, ignoring unconditional
gotos and labels. By “the same sequence of statements” we mean statements that are textually identical,
after spaces and labels are removed. You must assume that each conditional goto will be taken for some
inputs and not taken for others. Unconditional gotos are, of course, always taken.

## Input
Your input consists of several couples of programs separated by a blank line. There is also a blank line
between two consecutive couples. No input line exceeds 80 characters and no program contains more
than 1000 lines. Each label used in a goto statement appears to the left of exactly one statment; no
label is repeated.

## Output
Output consists if a single line for each one of the input couples, stating either ‘The programs are
equivalent.’ or ‘The programs are not equivalent.’

## Sample Input
<p>read 6, i,k,j</p><p></p><p>99 if(i .lt. j)goto 33</p><p>goto 55</p><p></p><p>33 i=j</p><p>goto 99</p><p></p><p>55 k=j+1</p><p>stop</p><p></p><p>read6,i,k,j</p><p>if(i.lt.j)goto12345</p><p></p><p>77 k=j+1</p><p>goto5555</p><p></p><p>12345 i=j</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10151 – Spaghetti 2/2</p><p></p><p>if(i.lt.j)goto12345</p><p>goto77</p><p></p><p>88 goto88</p><p>5555 stop</p><p></p><p>read 6, i,k,j</p><p>99 if(i .lt. j)goto 33</p><p></p><p>goto 55</p><p>33 i=j</p><p></p><p>goto 99</p><p>55 k=j+2</p><p></p><p>stop</p><p></p><p>read6,i,k,j</p><p>if(i.lt.j)goto12345</p><p></p><p>77 k=j+1</p><p>goto5555</p><p></p><p>12345 i=j</p><p>if(i.lt.j)goto12345</p><p>goto77</p><p></p><p>5555 stop</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>The programs are equivalent.</p><p>The programs are not equivalent.</p>