---
title: Uva 00795  Sandorf’s Cipher
---

795 Sandorf’s Cipher

Count Mathias Sandorf, a hero of Jules Verne, encrypted the secret messages of the Trieste conspirators
by using a cipher key a 6×6 hard paper square with some holes in it. In figure 1 the holes are marked
white. One edge of the cipher key has a pinch–mark. Empty messages are coded as empty strings. For
encrypting a non empty message follow the Sandorf’s algorithm below.

Figure 1: Sandorf’s cipher key

1. Extend the message, by appending trailing ‘#’ characters, until its length equals a multiple of 36,
and then reverse the extended message. By convention, original messages do not end with # but,
however, they can contain #. For example, the message:

Real Programmers use Fortran. Quiche Eaters use Pascal.

is 55 characters long and has to be extended by appending 17 trailing #. Right after step 1, the
message is:

#################.lacsaP esu sretaE ehciuQ .nartroF esu sremmargorP laeR

2. Position the cipher key on a sheet of paper, the pinch–mark facing upwards.

3. Copy the next 9 characters from the message (initially the first 9 characters) onto the paper
through the holes of the cipher key, one character per hole, from left to right and top to bottom.

4. Turn the cipher key 90 degrees clockwise and repeat from step 3 until the key gets to its initial
position, with the pinch–mark up. The result is a 6×6 matrix of characters, called a coded group.

5. Repeat from step 2 until all characters of the message are copied into coded groups, then append
the rows of the coded groups from the first row of the first generated coded group to the last
row of the last generated coded group, following the order of rows in each group and the order of
groups. For the given message there are two coded groups, shown below,

u#l# # geuhoc

as#r## raPir

ec##st sutrl

##aa## rQae o

EP# ## emFR .

#e#s. meanrs

which, when appended, yield the final encrypted message:

u#l# #as#r##ec##st##aa##EP# ## #e#s.geuhoc raPir sutrlrQae oemFR .meanrs

Write a program that decrypts messages encrypted by using the Sandorf’s algorithm.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 795 – Sandorf ’s Cipher 2/2

## Input

The encrypted messages are read from a text file, one message per line ending with a line–break. Lines
can be of different length. All characters of a line (except the line–break) are part of the encrypted
message which cannot exceed 108 characters.

## Output

The decrypted messages are printed on the standard output file. Each output line contains a message
in its original form, starting from the beginning of the line.

Note: Decoding the above encrypted message yields the result:

Real Programmers use Fortran. Quiche Eaters use Pascal.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>irdetn ihtoteao pesms soiaCet snaoi</p><p></p><p>#e#r# edt#aasdrtltn ca reyor feneiv</p><p></p><p>o#kginasksoaemlt f odatrnip as ene</p><p></p><p>w#lerhiomfte t rSp se ntt.is id,raal</p><p></p><p>o#r#i#etbanagvareioml nbfooheo lny</p><p></p><p>e# #s#holp#lpt#iiok# w#so ts.tiis h</p><p></p><p>H### ##d#l##a####n##o)##Dg#(##i#n#o#</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>Competition is a disease that sooner</p><p></p><p>or later infects every trade and</p><p></p><p>profession and makes it take a long</p><p></p><p>step forward. Still, it remains the</p><p></p><p>obligation of every honorable man</p><p></p><p>to oppose it with his skills.</p><p></p><p>(Donald Honig)</p>