---
title: Uva 10600  ACM contest and Blackout
---

10600 ACM contest and Blackout
In order to prepare the “The First National ACM School Contest” (in 20??) the major of the city decided
to provide all the schools with a reliable source of power. (The major is really afraid of blackoutsJ).
So, in order to do that, power station “Future” and one school (doesn’t matter which one) must be
connected; in addition, some schools must be connected as well.

You may assume that a school has a reliable source of power if it’s connected directly to “Future”,
or to any other school that has a reliable source of power. You are given the cost of connection between
some schools. The major has decided to pick out two the cheapest connection plans – the cost of the
connection is equal to the sum of the connections between the schools. Your task is to help the major
— find the cost of the two cheapest connection plans.

## Input
The Input starts with the number of test cases, T (1 < T < 15) on a line. Then T test cases follow. The
first line of every test case contains two numbers, which are separated by a space, N (3 < N < 100)
the number of schools in the city, and M the number of possible connections among them. Next M
lines contain three numbers Ai, Bi, Ci, where Ci is the cost of the connection (1 < Ci < 300) between
schools Ai and Bi. The schools are numbered with integers in the range 1 to N .

## Output
For every test case print only one line of output. This line should contain two numbers separated by a
single space – the cost of two the cheapest connection plans. Let S1 be the cheapest cost and S2 the
next cheapest cost. It’s important, that S1 = S2 if and only if there are two cheapest plans, otherwise
S1 < S2. You can assume that it is always possible to find the costs S1 and S2.

## Sample Input
<p>2</p><p>5 8</p><p>1 3 75</p><p>3 4 51</p><p>2 4 19</p><p>3 2 95</p><p>2 5 42</p><p>5 4 31</p><p>1 2 9</p><p>3 5 66</p><p>9 14</p><p>1 2 4</p><p>1 8 8</p><p>2 8 11</p><p>3 2 8</p><p>8 9 7</p><p>8 7 1</p><p>7 9 6</p><p>9 3 2</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10600 – ACM contest and Blackout 2/2</p><p></p><p>3 4 7</p><p>3 6 4</p><p>7 6 2</p><p>4 6 14</p><p>4 5 9</p><p>5 6 10</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>110 121</p><p>37 37</p>