---
title: Uva 01254  Top 10
---

1254 Top 10

We all use search everyday; to find a file in a directory, to find an email in the inbox, to find a song in
a playlist. Search is more than just a linear scan through a list of texts in a dictionary; It’s binary

search, it’s indexing, it’s using your full text search algorithms to solve one of the hardest problems we
know.

– adapted from NUMB3RS

Given a dictionary containing less than N = 20000 words labeled from 1 to N . Each word consists
of lowercase characters (from ‘a’ to ‘z’) with arbitrary length. The total number of characters in the
dictionary is at most 100,000. Your task is to answer at most Q = 100000 queries. Each query qi is
also a word (as defined above). For each query, you have to print the “Top 10” words in the dictionary
with the following rules:

• All the words in the “Top 10” have to contain the substring qi.

• All the words in the “Top 10” have to be sorted in this order:

1. The words with shorter length come first, if they have equal length then

2. The lexicographically smaller words come first, otherwise

3. The words with smaller label come first.

• If the number of words in the dictionary that contains the substring qi is less than 10 then print all
the words otherwise, print only the top-10 words (note: the words are printed using their labels).

• If there is no word in the dictionary that contains the substring qi then print ‘-1’ (without the
quotes).

## Input

The first line contains the number N . The next N lines contains the N words in the dictionary (the i-th
line is the word with label i). The next line contains the number Q followed by the Q lines containing
the queries.

## Output

For each query, print one line containing the labels of the “Top 10” words (separated by a space) in the
dictionary using the rules defined above.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>17</p><p></p><p>acm</p><p></p><p>icpc</p><p></p><p>regional</p><p></p><p>asia</p><p></p><p>jakarta</p><p></p><p>two</p><p></p><p>thousand</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 1254 – Top 10 2/2</p><p></p><p>and</p><p></p><p>nine</p><p></p><p>arranged</p><p></p><p>by</p><p></p><p>universitas</p><p></p><p>bina</p><p></p><p>nusantara</p><p></p><p>especially</p><p></p><p>for</p><p></p><p>you</p><p></p><p>5</p><p></p><p>a</p><p></p><p>an</p><p></p><p>win</p><p></p><p>b</p><p></p><p>z</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>1 8 4 13 5 10 3 7 14 15</p><p></p><p>8 10 7 14</p><p></p><p>-1</p><p></p><p>11 13</p><p></p><p>-1</p>