---
title: Uva 10388  Snap
---

10388 Snap
Snap is a 2-player card game. The deck of cards contains several of each type of card. Initially each
player has one half of the deck, in some random sequence, face down in a pile, and plays them in
sequence from top to bottom, placing each card face-up in another pile. When the face-down pile is
exhausted, the face-up pile is turned over to become the face-down pile and play continues.

The two players play their cards concurrently and synchronously. That is, each places a card face
up at exactly the same time. If two cards turned up at the same time are the same type, each player
calls ”Snap!” and the player who calls first takes the other’s face-up pile and places it on top of his or
her own.

Play proceeds until one player has all the cards. This player is the winner.
Your job is to simulate a game of snap to determine whether it will end within 1000 turns and, if

so, to determine the winner.

## Input

The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

Each type of card is denoted by a single letter or digit. The first line of input Jane’s initial pile of
cards, from top to bottom. The second line of input is John’s initial pile. Jane and John start with the
same number of cards; not more than 50 each.

During play, whenever it comes time to call “Snap!” the builtin function “random” is used to
determine who calls first: if the expression

random()/141%2 {in C or C++}

random div 141 mod 2 {in Pascal)

yields 0, Jane calls first; otherwise John calls first.

## Output

For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

Whenever Jane calls first, print ‘Snap! for Jane: ’ followed by Jane’s face-up pile, from top to
bottom. Whenever John calls first, print ‘Snap! for John: ’ followed by John’s face-up pile. If the
game ends, print ‘John wins.’ or ‘Jane wins.’, whichever is appropriate. If the game does not end
when each player has turned over 1000 cards, print ‘Keeps going and going ...’

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>1</p><p></p><p>ABCDA</p><p>CBADC</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10388 – Snap 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Snap! for Jane: BCBA</p><p>Snap! for Jane: DADCBCBA</p><p>Snap! for John: CBAC</p><p>Snap! for John: ADADCBAC</p><p>John wins.</p>