---
title: Uva 10395  Titans are in Danger!
---

10395 Titans are in Danger!

A simple case, when the number of Titans is
two. The extra stone is between the two titans.

The Titans are in danger. They are trapped in a vol-
canic lake over a few stones. The number of stones
is just one greater than the number of Titans. Only
one Titan can stand over a stone at a time. They are
mighty but helpless. They can see the shore but can-
not reach it. The extra stone is of somewhat different
nature. Once it is used, it sinks. But if the Titans
can arrange themselves in a completely new orienta-
tion after that use, the stone rises again. The Titans
could not figure out what to do? One of the merciful
Gods became visible from the eastern sky and said,

“Use the stone to raise the stone....
When it finishes, you are free....”

So you are going to help them.

Note: The Titans can jump from one stone to an-
other safely and easily if the target stone is vacant.
No two Titans will have the same initial character in
the name. Whenever the stone rises, the leftmost Titan loves to start. When all possible orientation
is generated without repeating any state the Titans get free. A new state can be generated by exactly
three jumps.

## Input
The input file contains several lines of input. Each line describes an initial orientation of Titans (as
a sequence of the initial character of their names). The maximum number of Titans is 9. Input is
terminated by end of file.

## Output
For each line of orientation you have to determine all possible orientations so that the titans become
free. Print blank line after the output for each line of input.

## Sample Input
<p>ab</p><p>ugc</p><p>gucroth</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>ab</p><p>ba</p><p></p><p>ugc</p><p>guc</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10395 – Titans are in Danger! 2/3</p><p></p><p>cug</p><p>ucg</p><p>gcu</p><p>cgu</p><p></p><p>gucroth</p><p>ugcroth</p><p>cguroth</p><p>gcuroth</p><p>ucgroth</p><p>cugroth</p><p>rugcoth</p><p>urgcoth</p><p>grucoth</p><p>rgucoth</p><p>ugrcoth</p><p>gurcoth</p><p>gcruoth</p><p>cgruoth</p><p>rgcuoth</p><p>grcuoth</p><p>crguoth</p><p>rcguoth</p><p>rcugoth</p><p>crugoth</p><p>urcgoth</p><p>rucgoth</p><p>curgoth</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>/***************Many lines of outputs here which are not shown****************/</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>.</p><p>rhcuotg</p><p>ruchotg</p><p>urchotg</p><p>cruhotg</p><p>rcuhotg</p><p>ucrhotg</p><p>curhotg</p><p>cuhrotg</p><p>uchrotg</p><p>hcurotg</p><p>churotg</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10395 – Titans are in Danger! 3/3</p><p></p><p>uhcrotg</p><p>hucrotg</p>