---
title: Uva 10134  AutoFish
---

10134 AutoFish
You’ve built an amazing fish-catching robot, but you’ve discovered one small flaw: the robot can’t
decide whether to fish or cut bait.

You’ve designed a language for the Control of Oceangoing Devices (COD) which you plan to use to
program the robot. COD has three instructions:

fish Fish for ten minutes.
bait Cut bait for ten minutes.
lunch No operation for ten minutes.

Bait is required to catch fish. The robot must cut bait for twenty minutes (execute two bait
instructions) to generate a single bait unit, enough bait to catch a single fish. Other instructions (fish
and lunch) may be interleaved between the two bait instructions that generate a bait unit. The robot
has storage for three bait units; it cannot cut any more bait if it is already storing three bait units. If
the robot is storing three bait units, a bait instruction is treated as if it were a lunch instruction (a
NOP). Catching a fish consumes a bait unit.

Fish have deterministic behaviour. A fish cannot be caught more often than once every seventy
minutes, and after a fish has been caught the robot must fish for thirty minutes before catching another
fish (they get shy). In order to successfully complete a fish instruction, the robot must have a least
one bait unit. If the robot has no bait, a fish instruction cannot be successfully completed and is
treated as if it were a lunch instruction. When the robot first starts fishing, a fish is caught on the first
fish instruction that completes (beginner’s luck). If at least one fish has already been caught then a
fish is caught on the completion of a fish instruction if and only if: 1) the fish instruction is at least
the seventh COD instruction executed since the last instruction on which a fish was caught, and 2) the
fish instruction is at least the third fish instruction successfully completed since the last instruction
on which a fish was caught.

The execution of a lunch instruction allows time to pass, but has no other purpose.
The robot starts with no bait; no fish have been caught.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number of the cases
following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank line, and there is also a
blank line between two consecutive inputs.

Input consists of a sequence of fish, bait and lunch instructions, terminated by the end-of-file.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two consecutive cases
will be separated by a blank line.

Output is a line containing a single integer, indicating the number of fish the robot has caught at
the end of the sequence.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>fish</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10134 – AutoFish 2/2</p><p></p><p>fish</p><p>lunch</p><p>bait</p><p>fish</p><p>bait</p><p>fish</p><p>bait</p><p>bait</p><p>fish</p><p>fish</p><p>fish</p><p>fish</p><p>lunch</p><p>lunch</p><p>lunch</p><p>lunch</p><p>fish</p><p>fish</p><p>fish</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>2</p>