---
title: Uva 00458  The Decoder
---

458 The Decoder
Write a complete program that will correctly decode a set of characters into a valid message. Your
program should read a given file of a simple coded set of characters and print the exact message that
the characters contain. The code key for this simple coding is a one for one character substitution based
upon a single arithmetic manipulation of the printable portion of the ASCII character set.

Input and Output
For example: with the input file that contains:

1JKJ'pz'{ol'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Jvu{yvs'Kh{h'Jvywvyh{pvu5
1PIT'pz'h'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Pu{lyuh{pvuhs'I|zpulzz'Thjopul'Jvywvyh{pvu5
1KLJ'pz'{ol'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Kpnp{hs'Lx|pwtlu{'Jvywvyh{pvu5

your program should print the message:

*CDC is the trademark of the Control Data Corporation.
*IBM is a trademark of the International Business Machine Corporation.
*DEC is the trademark of the Digital Equipment Corporation.

Your program should accept all sets of characters that use the same encoding scheme and should
print the actual message of each set of characters.

## Sample Input
<p>1JKJ'pz'{ol'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Jvu{yvs'Kh{h'Jvywvyh{pvu5</p><p>1PIT'pz'h'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Pu{lyuh{pvuhs'I|zpulzz'Thjopul'Jvywvyh{pvu5</p><p>1KLJ'pz'{ol'{yhklthyr'vm'{ol'Kpnp{hs'Lx|pwtlu{'Jvywvyh{pvu5</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>*CDC is the trademark of the Control Data Corporation.</p><p>*IBM is a trademark of the International Business Machine Corporation.</p><p>*DEC is the trademark of the Digital Equipment Corporation.</p>