---
title: Uva 10638  The Trip (II)
---

10638 The Trip (II)
A number of students are members of a club
that travels annually to exotic locations. Since
their very successful trip to Eindhoven, their
destinations have included Orlando, Vancou-
ver, Honolulu, and Beverly Hills. This spring
they are planning a trip to Prague.

The group agrees in advance to share ex-
penses equally, but it is not practical to have
them share every expense as it occurs. So indi-
viduals in the group pay for particular things,
like meals, hotels, taxi rides, plane tickets, etc.
After the trip, each student’s expenses are tal-
lied and money is exchanged so that the net
cost to each is the same, to within one cent. In
the past, this money exchange has been tedious
and time consuming. Since the Eindhoven trip the club has used a scheme that, for a given list of ex-
penses, ensures that the minimum amount of money changes hands in order to equalize (within a cent)
all the students’ costs.

The students have not found the scheme to be completely satisfactory. Instead of minimizing the
amount of money that changes hands, the students now wish to minimize the total number of payments
that must be made between individuals. After all it is easier to pay $10.00 to one person than to pay
$3.33 to each of three people.

## Input
Standard input will contain the information for several trips. The information for each trip consists
of a line containing a positive integer, n, the number of students on the trip, followed by n lines of
input, each containing the amount, in dollars and cents, spent by a student. There are no more than 10
students and no student spent more than $10,000.00. A single line containing ‘0’ follows the information
for the last trip.

## Output
For each trip, output a line stating the total number of payments that must be made between individuals
to equalize the students’ costs within one cent.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>10.00</p><p>20.00</p><p>30.00</p><p>4</p><p>15.00</p><p>15.01</p><p>3.00</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10638 – The Trip (II) 2/2</p><p></p><p>3.01</p><p>4</p><p>15.00</p><p>15.00</p><p>15.00</p><p>10.00</p><p>2</p><p>0.95</p><p>0.93</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1</p><p>2</p><p>3</p><p>1</p>