---
title: Uva 00642  Word Amalgamation
---

642 Word Amalgamation
In millions of newspapers across the United States there is a word game called Jumble. The object of
this game is to solve a riddle, but in order to find the letters that appear in the answer it is necessary
to unscramble four words. Your task is to write a program that can unscramble words.

## Input
The input file contains four parts:

1. a dictionary, which consists of at least one and at most 100 words, one per line;

2. a line containing ‘XXXXXX’, which signals the end of the dictionary;

3. one or more scrambled ‘words’ that you must unscramble, each on a line by itself; and

4. another line containing ‘XXXXXX’, which signals the end of the file.

All words, including both dictionary words and scrambled words, consist only of lowercase English
letters and will be at least one and at most six characters long. (Note that the sentinel ‘XXXXXX’ contains
uppercase X’s.) The dictionary is not necessarily in sorted order, but each word in the dictionary is
unique.

## Output
For each scrambled word in the input, output an alphabetical list of all dictionary words that can be
formed by rearranging the letters in the scrambled word. Each word in this list must appear on a line
by itself. If the list is empty (because no dictionary words can be formed), output the line ‘NOT A VALID
WORD’ instead. In either case, output a line containing six asterisks to signal the end of the list.

## Sample Input
<p>tarp</p><p>given</p><p>score</p><p>refund</p><p>only</p><p>trap</p><p>work</p><p>earn</p><p>course</p><p>pepper</p><p>part</p><p>XXXXXX</p><p>resco</p><p>nfudre</p><p>aptr</p><p>sett</p><p>oresuc</p><p>XXXXXX</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 642 – Word Amalgamation 2/2</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>score</p><p>******</p><p>refund</p><p>******</p><p>part</p><p>tarp</p><p>trap</p><p>******</p><p>NOT A VALID WORD</p><p>******</p><p>course</p><p>******</p>