---
title: Uva 00848  Fmt
---

848 Fmt
The unix fmt program reads lines of text, combining and breaking lines so as to create an output file
with lines as close to without exceeding 72 characters long as possible. The rules for combining and
breaking lines are as follows.

• A new line may be started anywhere there is a space in the input. If a new line is started, there
will be no trailing blanks at the end of the previous line or at the beginning of the new line.

• A line break in the input may be eliminated in the output, provided it is not followed by a space
or another line break. If a line break is eliminated, it is replaced by a space.

• Spaces never appear at the end of a line.

• If a sequence of characters longer than 72 characters appears without a space or line break, it
appears by itself on a line.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>Unix fmt</p><p></p><p>The unix fmt program reads lines of text, combining</p><p>and breaking lines so as to create an</p><p>output file with lines as close to without exceeding</p><p>72 characters long as possible. The rules for combining and breaking</p><p>lines are as follows.</p><p></p><p>1. A new line may be started anywhere there is a space in the input.</p><p>If a new line is started, there will be no trailing blanks at the</p><p>end of the previous line or at the beginning of the new line.</p><p></p><p>2. A line break in the input may be eliminated in the output, provided</p><p>it is not followed by a space or another line break. If a line</p><p>break is eliminated, it is replaced by a space.</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>Unix fmt</p><p></p><p>The unix fmt program reads lines of text, combining and breaking lines</p><p>so as to create an output file with lines as close to without exceeding</p><p>72 characters long as possible. The rules for combining and breaking</p><p>lines are as follows.</p><p></p><p>1. A new line may be started anywhere there is a space in the</p><p>input. If a new line is started, there will be no trailing blanks at</p><p>the end of the previous line or at the beginning of the new line.</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 848 – Fmt 2/2</p><p></p><p>2. A line break in the input may be eliminated in the output,</p><p>provided it is not followed by a space or another line break. If a</p><p>line break is eliminated, it is replaced by a space.</p>