---
title: Uva 00883  Overlapping Rectangles
---

883 Overlapping Rectangles
Consider a set of rectangles in 2D space as illustrated in the following figure. Overlapping or not, they
define a set of regions with different shapes. In the example of the figure, there are twelve regions,
identified from A to L). Let OD (Overlapping Depth) be the number of rectangles that overlap in each
region (in the figure, the number associated to each region corresponds to its OD). Consider now a
horizontal line, y = yL. This line traverses the above structure and finds different values of OD. Note
that there can be repeated values of OD, hence, there can be more than one maximum value of OD.
In the example of the figure, the maximum value of OD is 3 and it appears twice (regions E and G).

Given a set of rectangles and a horizontal line, the problem consists in the evaluation of the ODFM ,
that is the first maximum value of OD, found when the horizontal line is followed from left to right
(this corresponds to region E, in the example of the figure). The result must also contain the corre-
spondent limits, xLeft and xRight. In order to avoid numerical problems, it is ensured that there are no
coincidences between edges of different rectangles or between edges and the horizontal line.

## Input
The input begins with a single positive integer on a line by itself indicating the number
of the cases following, each of them as described below. This line is followed by a blank
line, and there is also a blank line between two consecutive inputs.

The input is a text file, containing several lines as follows. The first text line of the input contains
the number NR (integer format) of rectangles. It is followed by NR text lines containing, each one,
with the coordinates of two opposed vertices of a rectangle, in the sequence x1, y1, x2, y2, separated by
single spaces. No order is supposed, in this case, for point 1 and point 2 and numbers may be written
in integer or decimal format.

The next text line is the number NL (integer format) of horizontal lines to process. It is followed by
NL text lines, each one containing the value yL defining the horizontal line (integer or decimal format).



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 883 – Overlapping Rectangles 2/2

The separator between values in a text line is the space character.

## Output
For each test case, the output must follow the description below. The outputs of two
consecutive cases will be separated by a blank line.

NL text lines, each one containing the three values that characterise the problem solution for a
horizontal line (in this order): ODFM (integer format), xLeft and xRight (decimal format with two
decimal digits). If the horizontal line does not intersect any rectangle, the output text line contains
only the value ‘0’ (integer format).

The separator between values in a text line is the space character. The output text lines must keep
the order of the input text lines related to horizontal lines.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>3</p><p>-5.00 -2.00 -1.00 2.0</p><p>2.5 -1 -4.5 1.0</p><p>4 3 0 -4</p><p>4</p><p>-0.2</p><p>-4.50</p><p>-3.8</p><p>1.50</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>2 -4.50 -1.00</p><p>0</p><p>1 0.00 4.00</p><p>1 -5.00 1.00</p>