---
title: Uva 12256  Making Quadrilaterals
---

12256 Making Quadrilaterals
A quadrilateral is a simple geometric shape. The formal definition of Quadrilateral for this problem
can be given as

“A quadrilateral is a simple polygon with four sides, having a strictly positive area.”

If you are given four rods made of steel and having inte-
ger length, you may or may not be able to make a quadri-
lateral with it. For example you cannot make a quadrilat-
eral with four rods of length 4, 5, 8 and 17 units but you
can make a quadrilateral with four rods of length 2, 3, 4
and 5 units respectively. Now you have to supply n rods
to the Architecture department of a University. But the
University authority has asked you to make the length of
the rods such that no four of them can be used to make
a Quadrilateral. They are afraid that if the students can
make such shapes then they will use up some of the rods
in the sculptures they make. Given the value of n, what is
the minimum possible length of the longest rod? You can
assume that:

1. Only one rod has to be used as one side of the Quadrilateral.

2. A rod cannot be divided into two smaller pieces.

3. Two or more rods cannot be joined to make a longer rod.

## Input
The input file contains around 100 line of input. Each line contains an integer, which denotes the value
of n (3 < n < 61). A line containing a ‘0’ (zero) terminates the input.

## Output
For each line of input produce one line of output. This line contains serial of output followed by a
decimal integer that denotes the shortest possible length of longest rod. You can safely assume that
this length will fit in a 64-bit signed integer. Look at the output for sample input for details.
Illustration of first Sample Input: If you have four sticks of length 1, 1, 1 and 3 then you cannot
make a quadrilateral with them. So when n = 4, the minimum possible length of the longest rod is 3.

## Sample Input
<p>4</p><p>6</p><p>0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: 3</p><p>Case 2: 9</p>