---
title: Uva 00382  Perfection
---

382 Perfection
From the article Number Theory in the 1994 Microsoft Encarta: “If a, b, c are integers such that a = bc,
a is called a multiple of b or of c, and b or c is called a divisor or factor of a. If c is not ±1, b is called a
proper divisor of a. Even integers, which include 0, are multiples of 2, for example, -4, 0, 2, 10; an odd
integer is an integer that is not even, for example, -5, 1, 3, 9. A perfect number is a positive integer
that is equal to the sum of all its positive, proper divisors; for example, 6, which equals 1 + 2 + 3, and
28, which equals 1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14, are perfect numbers. A positive number that is not perfect is
imperfect and is deficient or abundant according to whether the sum of its positive, proper divisors is
smaller or larger than the number itself. Thus, 9, with proper divisors 1, 3, is deficient; 12, with proper
divisors 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, is abundant.”

Your task is: Given a number, determine if it is perfect, abundant, or deficient.

## Input
A list of N positive integers (none greater than 60,000), with 1 < N < 100. A ‘0’ will mark the end of
the list.

## Output
The first line of output should read ‘PERFECTION OUTPUT’. The next N lines of output should list for
each input integer whether it is perfect, deficient, or abundant, as shown in the example below. Format
counts: the echoed integers should be right justified within the first 5 spaces of the output line, followed
by two blank spaces, followed by the description of the integer. The final line of output should read
‘END OF OUTPUT’.

## Sample Input
<p>15 28 6 56 60000 22 496 0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>PERFECTION OUTPUT</p><p></p><p>15 DEFICIENT</p><p>28 PERFECT</p><p>6 PERFECT</p><p></p><p>56 ABUNDANT</p><p>60000 ABUNDANT</p><p></p><p>22 DEFICIENT</p><p>496 PERFECT</p><p></p><p>END OF OUTPUT</p>