---
title: Uva 00630  Anagrams (II)
---

630 Anagrams (II)
One of the preferred kinds of entertainment of people living in final stages of XX century is filling in the
crosswords. Almost every newspaper and magazine has a column dedicated to entertainment but only
amateurs have enough after solving one crossword. Real professionals require more than one crossword
for a week. And it is so dull — just crosswords and crosswords — while so many other riddles are
waiting out there. For those are special, dedicated magazines. There are also quite a few competitions
to take part in, even reaching the level of World Championships. Anyway — a lot.

You were taken on by such a professional for whom riddle solving competing is just a job. He had a
brilliant idea to use a computer in work not just to play games. Somehow anagrams found themselves
first in the line. You are to write a program which searches for anagrams of given words, using a given
vocabulary, tediously filled with new words by yours employer.

## Input

The first line contains T the number of test cases. There is a blank line after this. Then, T test cases
follow — each separated by a blank line. Each test case has the following structure:

< number of words in vocabulary >
< word 1 >
..............
< word N >
< test word 1 >
................
< test word k >
END

< number of words in vocabulary > is an integer number N < 1000. < word 1 > up to < word N >
are words from the vocabulary. < test word 1 > up to < test word k > are the words to find anagrams
for. All words are lowercase (word ‘END’ means end of data — it is NOT a test word). You can assume
all words are not longer than 20 characters.

## Output

For each < test word > — in the order in which it appeared — list the found anagrams in the following
way:

Anagrams for: < test word >
< No >) < anagram >
...............

< No > should be printed on 3 chars.

In case of failing to find any anagrams your output should look like this:

Anagrams for: < test word >
No anagrams for: <test word>

Print a blank line between datasets.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 630 – Anagrams (II) 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>8</p><p>atol</p><p>lato</p><p>microphotographics</p><p>rata</p><p>rola</p><p>tara</p><p>tola</p><p>pies</p><p>tola</p><p>kola</p><p>aatr</p><p>photomicrographics</p><p>END</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Anagrams for: tola</p><p></p><p>1) atol</p><p>2) lato</p><p>3) tola</p><p></p><p>Anagrams for: kola</p><p>No anagrams for: kola</p><p>Anagrams for: aatr</p><p></p><p>1) rata</p><p>2) tara</p><p></p><p>Anagrams for: photomicrographics</p><p>1) microphotographics</p>