---
title: Uva 10436  Cheapest way
---

10436 Cheapest way
“Moutushi Enterprise” a leading transport company of Bangladesh is quite anxious about their
current business status. For some recent months they aren’t earning profitable money as they did
before. They investigated over it and found that it is the change in the tax policy that caused them so.
For this reason they want to reroute their ways and charge the passengers on the cost of that route.

The cost a bus has to bear is the cost of the oil it needs for that journey, along with some money
paid on each station it touches. The profit is ten percent of the cost. Then the amount is divided by
the total number of sits in the bus and the seat fare is then determined.

You are given the description of the city map, you are to determine the cheapest way of the map
and the seat fare each passenger have to bear.

## Input
The first line of the input indicates the number of map to process. Each map contains three sections.
Section A contains the stations that the map contains. First line of this section is an integer nStation
(0 < nStation < 20) indicating number of stations the path have. Next nStation line contains station
name and the money that have to pay to pass through this station. Next section starts with an integer
nPath (0 < nPath < 20) indicating number of paths that connects two stations. Next nPath contains
station1 station2 distance, describing station1 has a path to station2 with distance equal to distance
in kilometer and vice versa. Each kilometer costs an oil consumption of 2 taka (unit of money in
Bangladesh). The third section consists of a integer nQuery (0 < nQuery < 10) with nQuery line
of input. Each line have a query to follow in the format station1 station2 passenger, asking to find
the best path from station1 to station2 and what will be the cost for each passenger for a bus with
passenger amount of seat. It is guaranteed that each map description is valid, and the query has a
valid and unique path.

## Output
For each map print ‘Map #X’, where X is the map number starting from 1. Then for each query print
‘Query #Y ’, where Y is the query number for each map starting from 1. Then for each query print the
suitable path followed by the fare each passenger have to bear (rounded to the second digit after the
decimal point) as shown below.

## Sample Input
<p>2</p><p></p><p>4</p><p>mirpur12 5</p><p>farmgate 8</p><p>gulistan 10</p><p>newmarket 5</p><p>4</p><p>mirpur12 farmgate 12</p><p>mirpur12 newmarket 20</p><p>farmgate gulistan 10</p><p>newmarket gulistan 8</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10436 – Cheapest way 2/2</p><p></p><p>2</p><p>mirpur12 gulistan 30</p><p>mirpur12 newmarket 30</p><p></p><p>3</p><p>uttara 2</p><p>farmgate 8</p><p>gulistan 10</p><p>2</p><p>uttara farmgate 35</p><p>farmgate gulistan 10</p><p>1</p><p>uttara gulistan 30</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Map #1</p><p>Query #1</p><p>mirpur12 farmgate gulistan</p><p>Each passenger has to pay : 2.46 taka</p><p>Query #2</p><p>mirpur12 newmarket</p><p>Each passenger has to pay : 1.83 taka</p><p></p><p>Map #2</p><p>Query #1</p><p>uttara farmgate gulistan</p><p>Each passenger has to pay : 4.03 taka</p>