---
title: Uva 10713  Map
---

10713 Map
A pirate’s treasure map typically contains a se-
ries of instructions which, if followed, lead you
from the landing place on a desert isle to the
spot marked X where the treasure is buried.
You are to construct such a series of instruc-
tions for a particular desert isle.

The island is a circle with radius r paces
whose centre is at (0,0). Relative to the centre,
the point (0,1) is north, (0,-1) is south, (1,0) is
east, and (-1,0) is west. Also, (1,1) is northeast,
(1,-1) is southeast, (-1,1) is northwest, and (-1,-
1) is southwest.

The landing place, on the circumference, is
specified by its coordinates. The spot marked
X, on the surface of the island is also specified
by its coordinates.

Each instruction in the sequence should
have the form

direction distance

where direction is one of {north, south, east,
west, northeast, northwest, southeast, south-
west} and distance is a non-negative real num-
ber indicating the number of paces to be trav-
elled in the given direction. When executed as
a sequence the instructions should lead from
the landing place to the spot marked X with-
out leaving the island. The total distance (that
is, the sum of the distances in your sequence)
should be minimized. From the possible se-
quences that minimize total distance, choose one with the minimum number of instructions.

## Input

Input will consist of a number of test cases, followed by a line containing ‘-1’. Each test case consists
of a single line containing five real numbers: r, x, y, X, Y . r is the radius of the island; x, y are the
coordinates of the landing place; X,Y are the coordinates of the spot marked X. The landing place and
the spot marked X are distinct.

## Output

For each test case, output the sequence, one instruction per line. Distances should be accurate to ten
places after the decimal, as shown. Output an empty line between test cases.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10713 – Map 2/2

## Sample Input
<p>100.0 0.0 100.0 25.0 50.0</p><p>-1</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>south 25.0000000000</p><p>southeast 35.3553390593</p>