---
title: Uva 10011  Where Can You Hide?
---

10011 Where Can You Hide?

Radiation Source

Tree

Safe

Area

House

Maximum

Safe Travel

Distance

North

East

The planet Cartesia has a perfectly flat surface,
on which is a grid of squares. Each location on
Cartesia is associated with a pair of numbers,
(x, y), where x is the number of grid squares
north of the planet’s center and y is the number
of grid squares east of the planet’s center for the
given location. Thus, (2.3, 1.5) is the location
2.3 squares north and 1.5 squares east of the
planet’s center.

The inhabitants of this planet, the Carte-
sians, are very small. They are so small, in fact,
that they could be considered to have no width,
much like a point does in Earth-style geometry.

At the center of the planet is a radioac-
tive source with no width as well. This source
emits radiation which is harmful to the Carte-
sians, even in the tiniest quantities. The radia-
tion spreads in straight lines outwards from the
source along the surface of the planet.

Fortunately for the Cartesians, there are
naturally-occuring trees on the planet which
can block the harmful radiation. Trees, unlike
all else on Cartesia, have a given radius, being
perfectly circular. A Cartesian is safe from the
radiation if, when a straight line segment is drawn between him/her and the radiation source, the line
segment passes through a tree.

Because of the beneficial nature of trees, Cartesians like to build their houses where they are shaded
by trees. Your task is, given a single tree on the surface of Cartesia and a house location, to find
the largest distance which a Cartesian can travel in a straight line from the house while guaranteed
protection from the radioactive source. Note that Cartesians cannot walk through trees.

## Input
The first line of input is a single positive integer (n) in decimal notation which represents the number
of input lines to follow. The next n lines contain 5 numbers in decimal notation separated by single
spaces. The first two numbers (x, y) give the location of the tree (where x is the number of squares
north of the planet center and y is the number of squares east of the planet center). The third number
(r > 0) gives the radius of the tree. The last two numbers (u, v) give the location of the Cartesian
house (where u is the number of squares north of the planet center and v is the number of squares east
of the planet center). The radioactive source is at location (0, 0). Neither the house nor the radiation
source is inside the tree.

## Output
For each input line, your program must output the furthest distance a Cartesian may travel from the
house in a straight line while still under protection from the radioactive source. The value output must



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 10011 – Where Can You Hide? 2/2

be a decimal number with three digits after the decimal point. A leading zero must be included if and
only if the output value is less than 1.000, i.e. 0.123 is a valid output, but .123 is not. If a Cartesian
may not leave the house safely at all, then output a value of 0.000.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>5 5 1 12 12</p><p>20 0 3 7 -7</p><p>-9.6 4.3 2.1 -19.2 7.9</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>2.400</p><p>0.000</p><p>3.517</p>