---
title: Uva 11132  Dice from pennies
---

11132 Dice from pennies
Colin likes to play role playing games. These games usually in-
volve dice with varying numbers of sides; a 20 sided die is known
as a D20 (marked 1-20 inclusive), a regular six sided die a D6, and
so on.

Unfortunately, Colin has forgotten his bag of dice, and has
only a jar full of pennies. Help him make his savings throw!

For each required roll, Colin will tip out the pennies and read
off whether they are heads or tails. This will serve as the random
input to a function that returns a number fitting the range of the
die.

For example, to simulate a regular die, the pairing is as fol-
lows:

HHH = 1
HHT = 2
HTH = 3
HTT = 4
THH = 5
THT = 6

and analogously for other dice using the minimum number of pennies to encode all the needed die
numbers. See sample input for examples.

Note that some outputs from the coins will not match to a die number when read from the first
position. In this case, use the next coins in the list to return a result. For example, in case of 6 sided
dice, TTTHHH maps to the value 1, not 5 as someone may expect.

## Input
The input will consist of multiple sets of input, each set consisting of a number of dice to be rolled and
a type (e.g., 2D6 means roll 2 regular 6 sided dice), followed by the status of the pennies in the next
line with no spaces. The last set will start with 0D0 and this set should not be processed.

## Output
Output will be a single number for each set, consisting of the sum of the simulated dice. If there are
insufficient coins to determine an outcome, return ‘-1’. There will be at most 1000 coins.

Note:
The above is the best description that the author (Chris Procter) has come up with. Trying to sort

out what he meant is part of the challenge.

## Sample Input
<p>1D6</p><p>HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH</p><p>1D6</p><p>TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT</p><p>1D6</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11132 – Dice from pennies 2/2</p><p></p><p>HTTHHHHTHTHTTTTHTHTHHHTHTHTHTHTHTTHTHTTTTTTHTHHTT</p><p>2D2</p><p>THTHTHHHHTHHHHTTTTTHTHTHHTHTHTTHTHTHHTHTHTHTHHHHH</p><p>1D20</p><p>THHHTHHHHTTHTTTTTTHHHHTHTHHHHHHHHHTTTTHTHHHHHHTTT</p><p>0D0</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>1</p><p>-1</p><p>4</p><p>3</p><p>18</p>