---
title: Uva 11160  Going Together
---

11160 Going Together
You are playing a computer game in which three robots (Aneed, Ben and Cindy) are trapped in a
labyrinth. Initially all three are situated in three different locations in the maze. There are three
outlets through which the robots have to exit. As expected, there are several obstacles in the maze and
the robots can’t go through them.

The maze can be modeled as a square grid with N × N cells. The robots are placed on three
different cells into the maze. You can command them to move. A single command will be activated for
the three robots simultaneously. A robot will move to a new position if it is an empty cell within the
maze or it is one of the target cells, otherwise the command will be ignored for that robot. Your task
is to command them such a way that all of them are on three exit cells (in any order).

A move consists of one of the following (Each move takes 1 unit of time):
Move North The robots move one cell north.
Move East The robots move one cell east.
Move South The robots move one cell south.
Move West The robots move one cell west.

Each cell consists of one of the following characters:
A - Initial position of Aneed
B - Initial position of Ben
C - Initial position of Cindy
. - An empty cell
# - An obstacle
X - A target cell

You can assume that for every maze each of the letters (A B C) will appear exactly once and the
letter ‘X’ will appear exactly 3 times.



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 11160 – Going Together 2/2

## Input
The first line of input is an integer, T (T < 50), that indicates the number of test cases. Each case
starts with an integer N (2 < N < 10). Each of the next N lines contain N characters each that fills
up the maze.

## Output
For each case, output the case number followed by the minimum time required. If it is impossible to
move them as described, print ‘trapped’ instead of the time.

Note: The first case corresponds to the above picture.

## Sample Input
<p>3</p><p>7</p><p>.....#.</p><p>.......</p><p>.#B....</p><p>...A.#.</p><p>.CX....</p><p>.X.X.#.</p><p>.#.....</p><p>3</p><p>ABC</p><p>...</p><p>XXX</p><p>3</p><p>ABC</p>

###
<p>XXX</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>Case 1: 2</p><p>Case 2: 2</p><p>Case 3: trapped</p>