---
title: Uva 00778  Recording a tape
---

778 Recording a tape
The market offers several types of cassette tapes, with standard time durations. You have some of these
types at home, and you want to record all songs from a given list. The songs you hope to record have
their time durations expressed, as usual, in minutes and seconds. Given the list of songs, find the list
per side in which they have to be recorded in order to use the shortest possible available cassette for
recording them.

## Input
The first line in the input file informs the cassette durations available; each of the following lines contain
the duration of one song. The input file contains several instances, that follow this same specification,
which finish with a line containing only a ‘% ’(percentage symbol).

## Output
The first line should contain the duration of the cassette. Next, ‘Side A’ should be printed followed by
lines with the song durations for this side. ‘Side B’ follows in the same manner. The output file should
have a ‘%’ (percentage symbol) printed after the output of each of the several input instances.
Observation: No pair of songs have the same duration.

## Sample Input
<p>56 90 120</p><p>20m 44s</p><p>4m 36s</p><p>7m 18s</p><p>13m 8s</p><p>9m 6s</p><p>8m 12s</p><p>%</p><p>30 45</p><p>3m 11s</p><p>4m 45s</p><p>13m 45s</p><p>6m 8s</p><p>%</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>90</p><p>Side A</p><p>20m 44s</p><p>4m 36s</p><p>7m 8s</p><p>Side B</p><p>13m 8s</p><p>9m 6s</p><p>8m 12s</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 778 – Recording a tape 2/2</p><p></p><p>%</p><p>30</p><p>Side A</p><p>3m 11s</p><p>4m 45s</p><p>6m 8s</p><p>Side B</p><p>13m 45s</p><p>%</p>