---
title: Uva 12700  Banglawash
---

12700 Banglawash

Banglawash! It’s a popular term used by the fans of Bangladesh cricket team when their team achieved
a rare but much expected clean sweep over their opponent. In this November, 2013, the touring New
Zealand cricket team is once again Banglawased in the 3-match ODI series.

In cricket, the term whitewash is used when one team wins all the matches played in a particular
series; obviously abandoned match are not counted. Apart from this year’s achievement, Bangladesh
defeated New Zealand 4 – 0 to win a 5-match ODI series (one game was abandoned) in October
2010. New Zealand was touring Bangladesh on both the occasions. These two series were labeled as
Banglawash as the language of Bangladesh is Bangla and ‘Bangla’ often used among locals for the
things made in Bangladesh.

Some of the recent examples of whitewash include the following.

England’s 4-0 defeat of India to win the Pataudi Trophy during India’s tour of England in 2011.

Australia’s 4-0 defeat of India to win the 2011-12 Border-Gavaskar Trophy.

India’s 4-0 defeat of Australia to win the 2012-13 Border-Gavaskar Trophy.

West Indies’ consecutive 5 – 0 defeats of England in 1984 and 1985-86. These two results are also
commonly labeled as blackwashes because of the dark skin of the West Indies players.

For the cricket enthusiastic fan of the Tigers, here is a list of eight Banglawash.

Opponent Year Result
Kenya 2006 4 – 0
Kenya 2006 3 – 0
Zimbabwe 2006 5 – 0
Scotland 2006 2 – 0
Ireland 2008 3 – 0
West Indies 2009 3 – 0
New Zealand 2010 4 – 0
New Zealand 2013 3 – 0

Now, Bangladesh is playing against the Rest of the World team, which is formed by taking players
from World Wide Web (WWW) of cricketers. Hence, the team name is WWW.

## Input

First line of the input contains one positive integer T the number of test cases. The first line of each
test case contains one positive integer N . N denotes how many match have been played in a single
series. In the next line, there will be N uppercase letters. These letters will be either ‘B’ or ‘W’ or ‘T’
or ‘A’. Here, ‘B’ means the match was won by Bangladesh, ‘W’ means the match was won by WWW, ‘T’
means the match was a tie and ‘A’ means the match was abandoned.

Constraints

• T < 101

• N < 11



Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 12700 – Banglawash 2/2

## Output

For each test case output the final outcome of the series. The outcome can be any one of the following.

‘BANGLAWASH’ – If Bangladesh won all the matches played (excluding the abandoned matches) in the
series

‘WHITEWASH’ – If WWW won all the matches played (excluding the abandoned matches) in the series

‘ABANDONED’ – If all the matches of the series is abandoned

‘DRAW’ – If Bangladesh and WWW won equal number of matches in the series when the series is not
abandoned

‘BANGLADESH’ – If Bangladesh won more matches then WWW in the series but failed to achieve a
Banglawash

‘WWW’ – If WWW won more matches then Bangladesh in the series but failed to achieve a Whitewash

For ‘BANGLADESH’ or ‘WWW’ you have to show the number of match won by each country. And for
‘DRAW’ you have to show how many wins and how many ties by each country.

For exact format see the sample output.

## Sample Input
<p></p><p>6</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>BBB</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>WWW</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>BWB</p><p></p><p>4</p><p></p><p>BWWT</p><p></p><p>3</p><p></p><p>BTW</p><p></p><p>2</p><p></p><p>AA</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p></p><p>Case 1: BANGLAWASH Case 2: WHITEWASH Case 3: BANGLADESH 2 - 1 Case 4: WWW 2 - 1</p><p>Case 5: DRAW 1 1 Case 6: ABANDONED</p>