---
title: Uva 00426  Fifth Bank of Swamp County
---

426 Fifth Bank of Swamp County
In response to overwhelming customer complaints, the Fifth Bank of Swamp County has finally decided
to produce a listing of cleared checks at the end of each customer’s checking account statement. The
current statements list only the transaction history, sorted by date, which includes all deposits, with-
drawals and fee assessments in addition to cleared checks. The code to generate the current statements
was written by programmers with degrees in math; these programmers have for years argued that all
”necessary and sufficient” information is contained in the transaction history, and any further output
is unnecessary and wasteful. In order to minimize the cost of the software change, the bank has laid off
the entire programming staff and has chosen instead to outsource the job to part-time student labor as
a weekend project.

The cleared check summary will list all checks which cleared the bank during the statement reporting
period. The summary will be sorted in ascending order by check number, and will report the dollar
amount of the check and date the check cleared. To improve the usefulness of the list, any out-of-
sequence check numbers should have an asterisk (*) printed next to them. An out-of-sequence check
number is one which, when sorted, does not immediately succeed the previously cleared check number.

## Input
The first line of the input will contain an integer N indicating the number of test case you need to test
followed by a blank line. Then there N set of test case. For each test input to the check summary
program consists of a check transaction history, sorted in ascending order by date. There will be one
input line for each check, consisting of the transaction date in ‘yy/mm/dd’ format, white space, the
check number (an integer between 1 and 9999), white space, and the amount of the check in dollars
and cents.

Consecutive test cases will separated by one blank line.

## Output
For each test case, the output should be displayed in three columns, with all checks sorted in column
order (see the sample output). Do not print any more rows than necessary, and always fill the middle
column before spilling over to the last column. Each column should be separated from the others by
three spaces and have the following format:

nnnn* dddddd.cc yy/mm/dd

where “nnnn” is the check number with leading zeroes suppressed, ‘*’ is the optional out-of-sequence
indicator (use a space if in sequence), and ‘dddddd.cc’ is the dollar and cent value of the check, with
leading zeroes suppressed. If the check is for less than one dollar, print a zero before the decimal point.
All checks for $1 million or more require special processing and are not handled through the bank’s
normal check clearing process; such checks will not appear on these statements.

Consecutive output is separated by single blank line.

## Sample Input
<p>1</p><p></p><p>93/10/01 998 .65</p><p>93/10/01 999 123.89</p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p>Universidad de Valladolid OJ: 426 – Fifth Bank of Swamp County 2/2</p><p></p><p>93/10/05 996 29.99</p><p>93/10/06 993 116.52</p><p>93/10/12 995 418.00</p><p>93/10/15 1001 15045.00</p><p>93/10/27 1000 840.85</p><p></p>

## Sample Output
<p>993 116.52 93/10/06 998* 0.65 93/10/01 1001 15045.00 93/10/15</p><p>995* 418.00 93/10/12 999 123.89 93/10/01</p><p>996 29.99 93/10/05 1000 840.85 93/10/27</p>